One time through my exhaust. yea that one time he bush camped us. The fucking yi one shot me 3 times. How do u hit anything tho. Idk how he was able to kill the vayne. actually applied pressure. best inting sion ive played with so far. That sion was something else. is he playing with a party that he knows. these ppl are failing the qte in the library. I can play somemore in like 10. dont think my q does. or stuff that procs on hits. mm i think only autos. Or only auto. Does my e work on ur bouncing shot. stomped them. yeah that was kinda unfortunate. So many times they got away so low. absolutely dogged on them even with monkey in our lane 5 times. @cum lord ngl we smurfed that laning phase second game. what does it do. U started too. the fruit i got is ass. @cum jester are you still playing blox fruit. where it auto targets lowest hp. theres a setting. Ngl its kinda hard dragging the heal and buff on a person in teamfights. @cum king ima hop off. then u gotta swap back to sword. u go hard and tackle once. this thing sucks nvm. @cum king i got the diamond fruit. You can skip and it won’t even affect your reading experience. I honestly erased that arc from memory. Baby 5. i dont fucking own nami. im gonna one trick nami to challenger. just sparknotes that shit. theyre fucking boxing and luffy has a big ass afro. so boring. this foxy arc is unreadable. youre so full of shit. what hot girl. You got me reciting the story to prove myself. Also doflamingo first appearance around that time. Also remember the hot girl that was with him. Just didn’t know that was the name of his fruit. I remember him. Just be saying you do cause it’s popular. Bet you don’t even read one piece. Didn’t even know that was his fruit. is that the fruit that you have?. that guy is so lame. Fake ass fan. Then how do you explain this?. Out on Disney plus now. Also who trynna watch thor. But with chase center should be a little easier to get. I think it’s hard rn cuz the venue is small. But honestly so many possiblities that it’s not even that crazy. Probably. the game prob made up their own fruits. Might exist, just hasn’t been introduced. I don’t think I’ve seen a spin and/or venom fruit before. none of us follow football lol. u guys wanna make a 4 man fantasy football league. michael jordan just did a commercial about tom brady. im not even reading the dialog and shit is still boring as hell. this fucking one piece arc is so boring. farming with it. yeah by using it. im guessing u can level up ur fruit or something. what do u lose. after you die you have some immuity so you wont get farmed. yeah pvp is always on. he kept coming back. he called me ugly. he can just fight u or u gotta accept. shit was so annoying. while i was trying to farm. how much is the venom fruit. my bounty is 29k. nah thats my moneyd. why you doubting. is the 79k your bounty?. @cum pedophile spin fruit a real fruit in the comic?. fuck if i know.  wtf is that. im saving to buy a new one. its trash. what fruit. screen shot rn. sorry blox fruit is more important man. i closed the tab i was on and i forget what ep im on. im on mid season 4 i think. @cum king did u finish better call saul?. thats cus u have no fruits. that game kinda poopy too. move over to Blox fruits. too bad the game sucks penis. maplestory is also a mob grinding game. @Deleted User who wanna push power league. im trying to get good seats for finals. apparently tickets for world r hard asf to get. what even is max level. literally gold d rogers. hes insane. my cousin is max level. i was watching the video and appanretly the venom fruit is op. what lvl r u. o. its just mob grinding tho. is it actually fun. seriously?. Maybe so people know what teams they’re watching before they buy. Wait world finals tickets aren’t on sale till the 29th. in a bit. @Deleted User brwlstrs any1?. no its next patch. R any new champs out rn. riftmaker and cosmic drive. What is it. @cum lord new wild rift update looks interesting. that's what the point of the mask is. Whatever happened to that dude. I only know he sounds like corpse. Is he. He sexy. you're just gonna miss out on the gay sex we're gonna have. Think so. @cum lord is schrodingerlee the steamer you were talking about?. yea no worries. Feels a little weird asking for a day off after just starting. Actually I will meet up with you all after I get off work. Everyones good with Tuesday. if not tuesday, thursdat and friday are my next best options. @cum herald tuesday work for you?. anything after 11. whenever everyones avail is probably the best. i wanna interrogate kenny where he cant run away. uh why?. well the sooner the better. Is Tuesday the day we have decided on?. By tmr I think. @cum pedophile when can you find out if you are able to get days off?. kk then chewsday then innit. I have a quiz on Tuesday that I need to study for. @cum pedophile are you avail monday after work?. thought he was talking about having work on monday till 5:30. im down for dinner and whatever else. kate bush is good tho. stranger things i think. also keeping tabs and take a chance with me are . yea one of my favorites from the album. also her lyrics are sick. ok oceans and engines is so good. its fine. if you cant get off work. we could also just meet after 5:30. Why is this old ass song popular?. but for sure cant do monday for me. i will try to get a day off next week. It’s up to yan then. The weekday does work for me. Yan works till 5:30. im good with monday/tuesday. What about weekdays?. And Harry doesn’t get back till Friday night I believe?. so friday/sunday after 2?. was giving the days that we can hang. nah i work from 3:30 to 8. so youre free saturday?. i work from 10-2 on friday and sunday. idk what im doing anymore. just watched 8 min of sana going around a korean neighborhood picking up litter with tongs. as the only community member. that person do be lonely. do they deserve it. someone has inquired about being able to chat. and the lvl diff too. ye he hits p much everything. i seen ruler one shot 2 ppl in 3 seconds. eh its strong early and midgame. lucian nami looks so busted on pc. but since i have time after i move back to sf i might tbh. Gonna go crazy when worlds is here. @cum herald bro you have to get to champs queue. syndacite lee or something. i think he just did a face reveal yesterday. is he hot. the next sykunno. i was just on twitter and another asian streamer blowing up rn. @cum queen hurry up and blow up on twitch so we can game with you and get famous. let's make the seamen gaming house. also i think its multiplayer and pvp. He said theres new update soon. Find the one piece. Apparently its fun. gonna finish in 1 day what takes luffy 40 years. gonna become the pirate king. What’s blox fruit. Gonna quit everything and become a variety gaming streamer who wants to join. My cousins in middle school and highschool play Blox fruit. Roblox the goat game. u took a lil too long. no bait this time. Ultimate run it down brawler. Too. His starpower op. Sam haters. I said this and Kenny ansel doubted. Hes a monster is brawlball. New brawler actually op. bussin. The legendary one?. Also we promoted 2 leagues let’s gooooo. Who was the last fun brawler to be released. @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier last call clubber league. and the other new brawler coming out later also looks boring and ass. yea he really looked that way. This new brawler boring and ass. but the build up and character development is noice. not a whole of fighting yet in HOD. Don’t even think mf Gandalf alive yet. Before the rings. Is it after Frodo?. Theres also a new lor. Jk he says it’s good. Anyone watch house of dragons. please. jk we are knocking out. i leave around 12;30. @cum pedophile what time cumlord. Aight we can get lunch when we meet up. Have to walk off in the 12th. Dude pitched 8 innings allowing 1 run and the angels can’t even get him the win. i have to go to costco early in the morning tomorrow. 1 is fine with me. @cum queen watch the video coward. @cum queen @cum jester what time tmr dickheads. and how the players navigated/dealt with these expectations. the expectations that the media set for the players. how prior superstars paved the way for current superstars. evolution of sports media narratives of asian superstars. get in call ho. glitching out my discord smh. u can karaoke my favorite chinese song. im about to call them out and have a rap battle with them. how good is their chinese. Ofc ofc, why else . my skills did more than my weapons during the ship wym. (even tho we lost). yall stay gettin carried  . covered up. Wheres ur face. sounds good to me. im gonna be drinking in call. stream it for me papa. ansel are you ready to BOOM! . i want to be a tao main. am i also buying gunfire. But can only run a few. I’ll be on in 20. uhm actually she's in sellas. @cum goodnight. most r random. epic games gives so many games 4 free. its on my harddrive too no cap i think if it were on my ssd i hit 70. yeah thats tough im at double that LOL. whats ur download speed at. my internet is suffering. @cum pedophile horror roblox. that's Dookie. why can we not join midgame. ur holding a shirt because my character exploded and i got kicked. MY INTERNET TWEAKING. t> arcane umbra weapon lf> stinging rose top. shes literally 18. you're going in for a long time. if u have to say that then ur in big trouble.. sorry harry is simping hard. they're simping hard. anyone trynna simulate some escapes or smth. super shy little to no soul. that has soul. thats cute. and i didnt notice any tempo changes the first time, but there are. what did you say about the drums lol. and the whole thing is not my tempo tbh. the vocals dont have sauce. but it's less one-dimensional than i initially thought. i wont retract what i said about the drums. subtle details i missed bc i was in call. I can see the repetitiveness of it, but the song is short enough that i don’t see it as a problem. thank u kenny for this awesome tip. and holding l.shift to hold my breath to steady my aim while ads. i dreamed of sniping in battlebit. Then I don’t want to be right. the thing is yan is wrong. Yan agrees with me and that’s all that matters in life. First listen: I like it, it’s good, upbeat. as a medic. in game. bolt action would feel so much nicer if it did more dmg. o. and idr how to hold breath lmao. idr the key. i thought zeroing was like. this roller coaster outsold. yea but i suck. ive been back wtf.. she been back. oops ignore that virus. how do ppl have the time. dmrs are used as midrange snipers no. it's in the sniper class wdym.... snipers ass. m4 is nice af when u get the long barrel and verti grip. we dont use the other ones much anyways. but peepochrist one. bc i didnt wanna remove one of ansel's without his permission. couldve gotten rid of uh. i got rid of it for yan. it was removed. thats what i was saying. the lg420 blaze it. what lv do u unlock the based sniper. PEOPLE ARE TOYS TO YOUUU  . my mouse gets caught a lot. medics speedy af. no it helps with add. needs to be empty mags in your storage. u cant refill the mag you're using. my discography in spotify so fucking plain. goated. i forgot what i listened to. also brb. goated album frfr ong. any laufey listeners. stupid bitch. u are literally his number one simp. wat the frick. any colin stetson listeners. what is. u cant say that. hey thats a bad word. im a different cowboy named mccree. im mccree. shoot angel for me. going to another city like Always. u probably leaving the bay. brothers. ur probably going to kbbq next week. ofc u are. yes we have it here. while u were playing with gato. idk man i just remember killing the champagne with vanessa. bc he's white. he's white. too blackout drunk to remember. i was there. kenny had a sip of soju and passed out. any roblox horror drinkers. i feel like he'd lead the pack. it is tmr. we can play tmrw. i hit the gwiddie on ur mom. hit the gwiddie for ukraine. guys can we play horror roblox games. HE SAID COA. not coa. omg we were playing with khoa ansel. in arams. harry was rizzing up my friend today. just write it tho. shit talking too hard. are these chinese insults. smart boy. my tongue in kennys mom will not be silenced. MY NATIVE TONGUE WILL NOT BE SILENCED. nah it means like fuck u or something worse. not really. and there was a big spider. id repress memories of kenny too. no we got trapped in some science tube. grounded.. grounded?. my massive cocka. her cock. somethin bout me is black. oh right. no those r the pinoys. viet is the hispanic of asia. i only drink tequila and soju. ive never had it either. ive never had it. name all the alcohols. think i wuz thirsty. and go out 5/7 days of the week. slay the house boots down. harry is an abb. aaron's white af too. kenny's white af. dumb baseball throwin leaf eaters. she was literally so antagonistic when she found out i was canto and not mando. it sucks ass. i grew up on it tbh. fuck all of u. bluetooth audio pairing. bro they sing too fast. i have a chees slyce and a peornicppi slice. kenny right this is fire!. didnt listen dat far the first time tbh. haha they digitized the voice at the end cute. for super shy. it's SO SAMEY. snares not the move. opinion on what. one day i will get a legendary from this box. is kenny stupid legendary: yes. @cum pedophile when you wakey wakey listen to super shy and tell us your thoughts immediately. esp compared to other newjeans songs. IM SUPER SHY SUPER SHY IS NOT THE MOVE IDK. the lyrics r intentionally ass with a motivational tone. queencard was literally MADE to be a troll song. super shy not even fun. it is fun. that literally makes no sense. this song doodoo. i literally only listen 2 kpop. exactly . yeah im not taking the opinion of someone who listens to juicewrld 24/7. if u take out the vocals i wud listen to it :3c. repetitive and boring lyrics. super ass super ass*. super mid super mid but wait a minute while i midy mid. literally everyone ive talked to says super shy is ass cheex. super shy is ass uwu. @cum queen do u have a good photo of u. @cum queen use this u wont. ill submit my photo rn. let's all take a photo rn and photoshop. who gives a frick!. bruh cant use the bad quality one cuz that one wont impress the girl. but idk if i have any. i know for sure my dad does. learn to spell. on me's dick. yo aaron do we have any baseball onmes?. @cum jester why are you muted. i think i got sent that pic and saved it into my photos. ....idek why its so bad. he dont need me they dont know me. bruh that quality. and missing ansel. bad quality tho. on his ig. i think harry had a high school graduation photo. should probably start tho. uhhhh we dont take pics like that. im need one for my chinese presentation due today. but its too late. we can take one on sunday . do we have any group photos?. pickems are so doomered. even tho they both disappoint me every time. im committed to rng and geng. i think wei pretty cute. malrang cutest player. fuck it im on rogue hype train now. im rooting for them. rng looks so good tho. FIRST NA WIN. 100T LETS GO. Wtf is this. even tho seraphine hits a 3 man ult and yagao insta dies. also g2 losing was sadge. yeah rogue r giga chads for some reason. i gotta leave back to davis in the afternoon anyway. just call off work fuck it. thats cool. I have work at 3:39. what. holy fuck rogue. it do be close to k3nnyg33's bday. should be ok for me. @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum herald @cum lord @cum queen do yall wanna hang out this sunday. also no 100t in the teaser. also add yan back to server lmao. rng my favorite lpl team theyre so funny. wathc the server. Sumsay only hope. what. wait they fucking lost. @cum pedophile can you livestream your build. Blue jays with a historic meltdown. and the screwdrivers. i can bring my prostate massager. ansel def CANNOT bring his mega strapon 3000. it can piss and cum. yes it is. or maybe your cokc was multi use. thats like saying ansel cant bring his mega strapon 3000 because it wont help. thought you knew something that i didnt. then you cant bring that. what part did you think it would help with?. will it help build the computer?. i am talking of my penis if that was not clear. attached to my body. in my pants. i can bring the massive cock. also whos bringing the small screwdrivers. @cum queen will you be joining us tmr?. oop ok it has thermal paste. scythe fuma 2. what air cooler did u get tho. u can just open da box tho. but ill prolly go grab the paste. your air cooler doesn't come with thermal paste on the side?. coolers come with ok enough amount already applied btw. dunno if he still has his. i might be able to get thermal paste from my cousin. yea i lent my thermal paste to my friend Long and never got it back kek. but we do have screwdrivers. i dont think i have my thermal paste. you guys have the small screwdrivers and thermal paster right?. that is facts. @cum pedophile @cum queen explains what happened when we shared that family meal at popeyes. faker pause dark tech cus team losing fake goat. that wader franco guy sucks balls now too. a cool 1-9 this series. still remember bitches were touting arozarena as the new mr october. relocate the team too they have no afans. Their offense scored 1 run in 24 innings. the rays fucking suck balls. That’s a fucking game. To go to the alds. @cum lord rays guardians was a 15 inning game. cleared my cache and it worked let go. wtf does that mean. @cum pedophile is mangadex working for you?. they gotta find a new pose for him. jankos always screaming. showmaker is so funny. top tier ending to the day 2 trailer. Why is he like this. They got it all wrong. Why am i not there. i only play ow parkour. would u like to hop in to this call. whore. lemme shower real quick. so i need u two here. i have to make plans while having plans. The part with 369 holding the dice is cool. Yo the worlds groups teaser is kinda sick tho. saw some zedd stories and thought it was today. oh pft right. i have concert tmr. wont be joining until later tonight. dont you have a concert to go to ?. Still think t1 is better tho. You’re right their drip is crazy. I’ll buy the hdmi cord for next time. Rng pretty drippy too. Thanks for letting me come over. @cum king how much was the pzza. What room bumber. whend u take that photo of aaron. Do you remember how to get back here. Finally. IM ALMOSY HERE. Unlike the doctor that delivered you bitch. fuck u bitch i delivered perfectly. Completely butchered it. Nah your delivery is shit. it's bc u think im gay. Only when I do it. It’s not funny when you do it. I wanna fuckin eat. You’re gonna be here for like an hour or two. Not even worth buying. It’s whatever man. Im not letting you in then. You. Fuck toy. Where. Ur paying for the ticket. I dont rven know if i can park where i parked. Text me when you’re here. The one across from there. Im at woodstock parking lot. How far are you. Wtf we didn’t even place the order. Be ready. Are you coming now?. But parking here is for residents so you have to park on the street. Whats ur address. We can take 1 car. Sure do u wanna meet there or take 1 car. Na going 0-3 cant believe it. The greatest western mid laner and u put him on seraphine  i wanna see him play yasuo or something. but also make sure your twitch account is connected to ur blizzard account. afk with twitch streamer on for OW2 drops apparently. Make it a whole week. been a couple days doing that. Edge. Aarons only. @cum king can i come. @cum lord did you have a place in mind. aight. but let me know if ur housemates r fine with me coming over / using tv. @cum king we get food at around 530 and eat at 6. we should go to a bar and ask them to stream it. ive never used the tv. Or does it have apple cast thing. Do we need to buy hdmi cord thing. we do but i dont think wehave a chromecast. when?. @cum king u wanma grab dinner and watch groups. Bet it was the alcantara pick. I won the fantasy league btw @cum king. i wanted to do the whole song but it was too many characters. A duck walked up to a lemonade stand And he said to the man runnin' the stand "Hey! [(bam bam bam)] Got any grapes?" The man said: "No, we just sell lemonade But it's cold, and it's fresh, and it's all home-made! Can I get you a glass?" The duck said, "I'll pass." Then he waddled away - waddle waddle 'Til the very next day "Bom bom bom bom bom babom". then yea sure my life would be pretty boring. if an exciting life means sending highly questionable messages every other line. your life would be so boring. what would you do without me. idk how youre gonna do that. at least make it sound japanese. a little less believable. told them my name is shohei ohtani. successfully infiltrated. i told them im japanese. but dont hella people speak japanese in the club?. japanese american student society. its what i named my left testicle. what is jass. but still not agreeing. are you homophobic?. after what you just sent. no dont send that. would you agree?. i meant for only you to see. i saw that. improvement, one day at a time. we were having a nice civilized convo. why we gotta go there. ....ok alright. havent watched it, dont think i will. still fapped to hentai tho. i mean i didnt even watch that movie. but i guess people still at the very least know your movie. imagine you work on a product for years just for no one to know it. naw forgettable is sad. but for a movie to be bad enough to be memorably bad is....bad. the way i see it, if its forgettable it wasnt bad or good. really?. worse than a movie you remember as bad. tbh forgettable gotta be the worst description a movie can get. which i guess says something too lol. actually cant really comment on the jokes, been a hot minute and dont really remember a whole lot. adult themes but meh jokes. or any other potty humor. the same fuckers that laugh when you say hehe poopy. the only ppl that would find sausage party funny are preteens lets be honest. i am curious yet also not. "childish"?......debatable. idk ive watched some interesting movies with my dad. yea definitely not a movie that you want to be watching together. this shit is more childish than every pixar movie combined. "i wanna watch it looks like pixar for adults". actually a movie that was written when someone was high. hes tearing her apart. ....crazy thing is i watched that movie. i think its the other way around. (this message implies that i want to have sex with you). guess i just dont want to have sex with them. guess that friendship hasnt reached this groups level yet. had to cover that shit real quick. and it was too real for them. i showed a glimpse of my true self. considering you had to apologize for the feet comment you made in the group chat last time. idk if theyd wanna talk to me anymore. bruh if they saw this shit. everyone thinks im cool and quiet. my reputation in jass is so different from here. you know whats so funny. Just movies. Same with british ppl. Like u only see them in movies. Especially when theyre mad. this is a wild take. That theyre real. Idk its so funny. bro what. Like i feel like the way they speak in ted lasso is satire, fake , and exaggerated but they actually speak like that. Cus theyre accent and the way they speak is so wonky. Its almodt unbelievable theyre real ppl. With their accent. Its jist like how they speak in the movies. Its shocking. Bcus their football team didnt sign a pmayer. But listening to them outrage in a twitter room. where is this going lmfao. And i know they exist. Ive never met a british person in real life. Something something if u cant beat them join them. 6-34 against the giants. owning that bum. giants own ohtani. bro never joined call. and lost. i said fuck it and pushe for the win. i dropped the dora and the guy in richii ron;d it. not the 4 sock. @cum lord mr .100 on the IL. @cum jester look what tile flopped from my kan. yea it seems interesting. Might give it a try. The summary of the novel also seems intriguing. @cum herald running. i accidentally threw out the 3 bamboo trying to take a screenshot. shouldve went for it. yea harder than i thought. theres also the bamboo forest yakuman. in them. some bambo are red. all green is easy no?. ive tried. u can ron those. 9 gates. 13 orphans. 13 orphans. na i think the all green. wait that's false. i was too excited. i guess thats why its "hidden". i didnt realize the all hidden triples needed to be tsumo. which :0. his album is out?. wait i was not lied to. wait i was lied to. wanna listen to v's song. nah he texted me yesterday that id prob be scheuled for the weekend. u should follow up on dat. and ya i got the job a week ago but my manager hasnt scheduled me for training yet. my guy logs on gets carried logs off and logs on every 4 business days. The manhwa was cancelled after some chapters so if u wanna read it fully its only webnovel. Anime adaptation trailer came out recently. And its huge in china. Is it good?. i guess he only played 35 games tho. Wonder which fraud won roty that year. I know 0 players who are on the twins or played for them. Idk pirates twins. Thatd good. Idk any other twins player. idk im scared to test it lol. @cum lord help. @cum pedophile u heard of the one novel lord of the mysteries. @cum jester did you get any responses for everwing. a 2 in english bc i put my name in correctly. ive been summoned. @cum king how many times have u been drunk. i'll pee in a bucket and use a filtration system for u yan. cheap plastic. arrowhead ASS. no borthday. also can we be invited next time. someone was watching you... . u woulda killed my heart too. yan it wouldnt have just been a 3 person death. harry's the most experienced. hey. @cum pedophile hi. apparently need to restart entire computer. lemme re launch and see hm. boss mule. mine was fine. also fuck this game sucks my ice orb is bugged again. here's what stacks: - 2x/3x coupon (100%/200%) - gold monster park potion (10%) - experience accumulation potion (10%) - mvp atmospheric/self buff (50%) - dhs (32%) - links/legion/hyper stat (upwards 40%) - runes (100%). so max im using is 2x, mvp, holy symbol right. does legion xp coupon stack with the normal 2x coupon. @cum queen you gonna respond to me or what bitch. Bro is prime Barry bonds rn. Yea this dude on some other shit. Who needs shohei. @cum king wilmer is a god. spent a good minute trying to decipher what it was saying. naw i meant the caption. But only shoes 1 here. Yea there r two pics. this was so hard to understand in the discord embed lol. Thats so weird. they want mamba mentality. Giants are getting ohtani 100%. then they proceed to give up 6 in top 9. their cf robbed joc of a game tying hr in top 8. but the giants are up. idk what happened. Convince shohei that giants r good. We have to sweep the angels. dude is on fire. What’s going on. Dude Flores is a monster rn. why is mr .100 batting 3rd. Had a fun time watching. I went in with no expectations. when are we going. alright we got the mui seal of approval. Its good lol. So i got tickets next week in wack ass side seats cus shit is still fully booked. Even tho shit they sent me said aug 7. And dude said fandango had a booking fuck up and my tickets were actually for aug3. And we talked to the manager. Some other party has same exact seats. And my seats r highjacked. Get to the theater. Booked a moth before. Or some niche thing. Is that just swe posting. Should i go. Ohtani going on wednesday vs the giants. i wanted to try. im going to work at roblox. what the fuck kind of intern. How you gonna reach 90 taking rest days. All I hear is baby shit. gotta rest my arm. @cum queen you throw 80 to anyone today?. grid is fucked. dont forget to apply sunscreen !!. Whatever you guys are feeling. I am on my way rn. we playing catch/ frisbee after?. what time should i be at restaurant. @cum herald actually i just go directly beit rima idk what i'm thinking lmao. U read tog right. If that is alright with Kenny. @cum herald i arrive at your house ~1:45pm. @cum queen @cum goodnight we’re meeting at Kenny’s at 1:30 ish. I guess the monetization is bad. Rly?. i hear your/you're ass. i hear it is ass. @cum pedophile theres a tower of god idle game out. kenny is always mobile. is that zio. while eating woatweal. are u playing weague of wegends. what about mine. or Breakfast. what'd u get for lunch. my pp is up. Up already?. yea my b. i can hear the static. that shit is terrible. normal tag at second. he didnt even do anything wrong. yea i thought bonds would have it. that response is a yes. Without a response still. And yet here I am. i thought that was the reaction to the robox msg tbh. Fuck you I hope the gorilla comes for you too. @cum queen motherfucker has time to react to my yan flame but not respond. Except yan fuck you yan you piece of shit hope your vocal chords get destroyed by a gorilla dick. @Deleted User are we robloxing tonight. i eat it and SHIT IT OUT. yea i'm a food enjoyer. Sending you mixed signals just because . Don’t forget to Smash the like and subscribe content. I just make things too easy. and ur ass. Are we just grabbing food tmr. fun fact my face inspired that character. only in spirit. but not actually. proud of that one. ngl .300 avg and 500+ hr is tough. got the g and s messed up. what are u all feeling. beit rima redemption. Where at. @Deleted User wanna get food tmrw. I gurssed a bunch of players i 100% thought were correct and got them wrong. Gonna give it a shot. @cum lord what the fuck is the grid today. ok im going to bed. im back boysss. put me in the trunk. whats happening tmrw. when does nicki minaj come out in cod. u said the man the legend the myth. i lay down for a bit. I’m heading home. ill be on in a bit. @cum king @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier roblox tonight?. hes like pacers joe ingles. thats 3 and D and white. ik him as a giga pacers roleplayer. I don’t even know who he is. wow exactly 15 yrs. the issue is okc has only been a franchise for like 15ish years. and i didnt know mcdermott played for okc either. my brain shut off for sixers okc. ik derrick white was on spurs bc i always grabbed him in fantasy. Yea horry the goat. He has 7 rings. with kobe?. bro doesnt even have a photo. who tf is robert horry. who tf is doug mcdermott. i remember now that u said. i did not know this. derrick white played for the spurs apparently. only players i can think of are tim duncan era. fuck the spurs. i cant think of anyone. i feel like celtics spurs has one i just cant think of. thats all i got. I’m out. Honestly I feel the basketball one today is doable. who trynna play. guys theres prop hunt in overwatch. no way they dont have a pic for 7x champ robert horry. Kinda surprised only 9% for darvish and fucking doolittle is 30%. and then maddux. all my guesses were current players. yea like his last year in the mlb. Didnt know maddux was a padre. some normie ass picks tbh. What ratity score. Sean doolittle?. o shid sorry. valorant, so get your moneys worth and hop on. and which one did you spend more on. to get the game. and helldivers. how about a free no tilt game of valorant where you spent money. what about helldivers?. how about some val. im ready to play some helldivers. shoulda married me instead. hes married now too. Giants sign snell too. Invalid emoji/sticker or URL, try again. Invalid emoji/sticker or URL, try again. hes bigger now put on some weight. giants matt champman @cum king. kevin's awol but we can duo or get some other friends. maybe earlier. i should be ready by then. @cum goodnight @cum queen wanna kill bugs. always complaining. im sick of him. no wonder it deviates so much. good to know. And stay faithful to the animated series. Netflix was not letting them do what they envisioned. The original creators left the production of the live action. sounds like another failed adaptation , cursed series. dam they missed with aang again. i also think general zhou is alright. so pacing's weird. they changed the story up a lot. so far i think only iroh and maybe ozai are well casted. yea by a long shot tbh. worse than one piece?. how is it. Is that the new avatar live action?. Imagine with your thumbs. Remember that cooking game we played. You can play discord activities on mobile wtf. got u tho. what eppy were we on? 4?. I’m lying in bed rn cause I’m unwell. Can you stream it. @cum king are we watch tonight ;0. Wait he was born in japan lol. Jungho lee hr. The rock slowly levitating is actually hilarious. Is this the show or the movie lmao. But then again anything is better than the movie. Better than the movie. we love iroh. How's the live action so far fellas. Wait let me see what’s across from my work. Across from where I work?? 7/11?. @cum herald. its across from where u work. Where’s this from? Looks good. Linus 0-3 for deadlock ult this game. this has to be unrated idk what to tell ya. flashed. WHY DO THEY NOT SHOOT YOU. this has to be unrated. probably less than SFYBL. where do domican leagues rank. And nbp > ncaa + aaa so their talent is accelerated if theyre good. I think their players r mostly highschool. Cus i dont think nbp drafts out of their uni like most mlb teams do. If nbp>aaa then the nbp-> mlb pipeline > aaa->mlb. how did that league make ohtani. how tf they produce good talent then. And kbo bellow. Mlb execs and scouts rank it a tad bit above triple a. And thats about it. Prob better than the a’s. i wonder how an npb team would do in the mlb. One guy throws 92 next 102. But him and webb 1,2 would be insane too. Id rather have that than the dodgers lol. Could be insane. Cole and him 1,2. It would be cool if he joins the yankees. fuck that. im no longer a giants fan. if the dodghers sign roki sasaki. 100% japanese batter never seen a pitcher throw as hard as strider. yea i guess the pitching is still there. Cole. yea true. yea but mookie always sucks on big stages. maybe if degrom is healthy. mike trout aint that good anymore. but then i saw that scherzer and verlander are washed as fuck. cause i thought so. they wouldve won the wbc. if the usa sent the best talent possible. To shit on us. They teach their pitchers this fucking pitch and send them to america. as revenge. theyre taking over americas sport. ohtani was just mewtwo or some shit. japanese players are made in a lab. Its revenge for ww2. they all have the same pitching motion too. I think senga has what some ppl call ghost splitter or something. i swear every japanese pitcher throws a splitter. Its just his splitter is fucking nasty. following his lord and savior ohtani. fuck this lemming. Seems like texas players are seeing the fastball decently. i hope jung hoo lee lights him up. I think his fastball is gonna get hit hard once ppl adjust. Watching the replay. Yea maybe not a second but still. That shit lolipopping to them. idk about a second bro. They have like an extra second to realize whats coming. I will never understand how pro hitters cant hit the shit out of a 70-75mph 12-6 curveball like his or kershaws. bet he be gettin immaculate brain too. brain immaculate though . because he saw them as weak and feeble (again, as a result of his upbringing in a patriarchal society), and he wanted to feel depended on. and he felt the need to project that onto women. but there was a time where he, with his inflated ego and disproportionate usefulness in his ideal form of combat--where he is the main protagonist in every scenario--he felt inferior. and as he explored the world and met incredible people he was humbled and realized his role in the group. but that's what i meant--sokka's roots from the southern water tribe being primarily patriarchal very obviously influenced him from an early age. i have a weird way of phrasing things. and what not that I Thought was a big arc. and it was him broadening his views. which makes him come off as mysogynistic and stuff. and he tries to push his views of the "natural order" of thingsa. toph. And so he comes into contact with people like suki. Back in his tribe (which is really all he knew) it was men = warriors women = not fighters. I think that was a result of his world view though. I understand where you're comin from. now he's goated but wish he kept the sexism thing going. whateva dawg my brain immaculate. but then he was like. da fact he cant bend. and. suki and her being more cool than him. his thing with uhhhhh. 3 separate groups of people who've watched it. But bros arc involves him getting humbled. I don't think it was inferiority. i swear that was his whole character arc. and becoming more humble. wasn't sokka's whole thing about his inferiority complex to women and getting over it. What’s the point of watching. Apparently they toned down his sexism from the original. I was reading. from who. Ngl I heard it's ASS. but u right let's do tonight. i do be in da office but i'm bored af lmao. i was thinking tonight. aint you workin lmfao. rn?. Who trynna watch live action avatar. @cum king dude crawford signed with the cards. its good but a bit slow start - middle of book. was forced to speed demon through that shit . i read it for a class in davis. I did think about reading it after watching part 1. How long did it take you to read?. u guys should read the book before watching dune 2. nah we watch on a weekend instead. Yall still watching dune?. go fuck yourself. I can probably stream it around 9. Anyone wanna watch dune tonight?. exactly yea. granted that was only two times. we have not oredered food once. in all the times we have gone to topgolf. but its like a normal range. siick yea we can try that too. There’s another range in foster city that uses the same tracer tech. We can. I wanna come. i rmb aaron wanted to check his yardage. @Deleted User i forgot who's in this @ but i'll be free 3/12 Tuesday if y'all wanted to top golf tuesday. this fucker!. @cum queen it gave ownership to dailoe. @cum goodnight play?. what did i do to deserve this. @cum goodnight @cum queen sorry im here. he's a fraud. yea sure. @cum queen @cum goodnight @cum amazonian wanna helldive. Giants are as good as the reigning champs. Ramos really showing us why the giants dont give him more time. yea thats what i went for lol. sniping that shit. i think along those lines. like knowledge in x, y, or z. what reqs does osmo ai have for their internship program. we just drew diagrams and my partner ghosted me for the final presentation. my prof didnt make it any better either. bro they highkey suck ass. that's all i'm sayin. all the best. but gz to him man. the background check takes like 10-15mins. o. ohh ok that's prob the technical if it's 2hr lmao. idek if they did technical. he just had the 1. o. and we all hated it. then they do the technical. cus the first time be took a databases class was last quarter. background check interview. they usually do one like. dude told us before the interview he feels totally under qualified. he must be goated. also my friend in my program got an amazon data engineer intership with only 1 interview. idk a nice pho soup on a cold day. what's the best smell to you. Gonna create the best smelling thing in the world. Thanks lol. thats cute. peralta was on my fantasy team a few years back when i won it lol. jolly olive nl cy young prediction vid. if your arm is itchy it's perfect. Its good design. I don’t wanna reach in a gaping anus to eat popcorn. Nah but who designed this thing. Goat tingz . 22 runs on 15 hits. i needa watch p1 still. idk why we wouldnt just shoot incoming stars with guns. And we just fly away. When it flies near us, its gravatstional pull will slingshot us outside of our orbit. But not hit us. There was one where theres a random flying star that will come near us. Some of these r too funny. Aaron seeing a black hole coming to swallow the earth and life as we know it. a random flying backhole that was slingshotted out of its galaxy just fucking sucks us up. watching this apocalypse iceberg vid and theres this "rogue blackhole". took a lot less time than i thought. gotta do something rq. @cum king actually gimmie like 30 mins. o. They won 4 in a row tho. hornets are so bad. 43-29 at halftime. Next year 20ppg. Hes still playing good tho. Kum bucket cooled down. i would put money on them losing to 1-4 seeds in a series. they are not good. they beat a lebronless lakesr. Wait the west is stacked. Wait r the warriors good again. Ya when u guys said first half/secondhalf, i thought u meant dune 1 / 2. i said wonka and didn't explain anything. Of dune 1 or whatever. I thought u meant u thought dune 2 is a remake. And then I went back and watched the movie again from start to finish. But it was actually an origin story. Cuz I thought it was a remake of the gene wilder one. We had a movie night for wonka, and I missed half of it thinking it would be ok. his chin is so pointy lmfao. Cant get ocer the fact that the dude is literally giga chad. i think he throws like 100. holy shit his arms are massive. But they converted him to full pitcher. The 2 way player they drafted a few years ago. who tf is reggie crawford. chiseled ass chin. cant zoom in on mac gotta switch to my phone. why would it be a remake. the first one came out like 2 years ago. @cum lord you see Casey Schmitts balls. so yan thought it'd be ok skipping the first half. Not an origin story. I thought it was a remake. I’ll watch the second half like a fucking bozo. Sorry I was busy seeing the beam in person. Anyone trying to watch dune 2?. mom follows them as they stop by a lake to dump the body. they pack up and bring his body into a suitcase and they leave for town. so he's dead. until real mask girl comes in and they tag team him and then choke him with pingping's leash. and then continues to beat the heck out of her. but then he wakes up bc she steps on a squeak toy. so she went back home as he was sleeping to pack her things and dip with real girl. but fake got into a fight with her boyfriend (he found out she ruined his life) and he was beatin the HECK outta her. before this, fake mask girl warns real one hey we should dip town. i need it. and him being a boob connoisseur he found the real mask girl and told mom. plastic surgery a godsend. shes hot tho. and FOUND both of them. so teddy, the president of mask girl fanclub (the person the mom was dming on the internet) was super stalker mode. and it was lowkey lesbian vibes. they both work at a club and that's how they met each other. bc they were both ugly bitches who got plastic surgery. girl she mistook for mask girl baited mom bc she's actually friends with mask girl. t1 was hot shit with faker out. then he comes back and they make the finals. did the mom and the girl she mistook for mask girl team up?. we finished episode 5. where did u guys stop at. yea sure after we're done mask girl. I drop it off Monday after work. When are you leaving. some dude in uci keyboard club is selling it and i can just pick it up. Itll look very cute. Oh I think so. @cum swirls do u think gmk daifuku color would match the soya ?. when can i pick up aarons keyboard. Don’t even need great pitching when your offense is literally murderers row. Only recently their pitching has been good. Its their offense. But somehow this Braves team feels unbeatable. Dodgers had a better win percentage last year. Lmfao you’re really on your Braves hating arc rn. U gotta open the tweet for full context. harry fucked over my son so im fucking over his daughter. honestly tho im kinda slay. idt my crosshair placement is all dat bad i just SUCK. and then they'll peek me for .1 second and have their cursor get magnetized to my head. the enemies can sense it. if i breathe incorrectly i will die in valorant. ya i need harry to put me in a hyperbolic time chamber. but i may check in on them as well . i might watch some peepo play balorant. what time is ur cuthair. we watch last 2 episodes tmr? w. what the frick. i hope she gets pushed over. she shoulda been aborted. SHES SO REAL FOR THAT. if i were the grandma i would disown her. nvm this bitch is weird. im down to end off this episode. who's gonna be mimo. how r there 3 more eps. ping ping was in the car thoughhh. harry has to dispose of three bodies . if aaron survives after a shotgun blast to the liver that'd be crazy. harry bouta get a 2 for 1 deal tn. WAIT WHY AM I SO STRONG. IM BOUTA GET MERKED. u hit that hoeee. wtf KENNY IMPREGNATED HARRY. my son is a rapist tho. justice for pingping. yall are gonna need to pay for a new face or smth. dude harry's boobs are so big. aaron y r u with this man. or is this just sisterly love. why u lookin at harry like that. are they lesbian lovers. can i get rid of the bob. the boobs . harry looks more american. is why. he has a 40 year old haircut. why does that guy look so old. oh jk it's not harry. and when i let my guard down she'll fuck me over. and she's outsmarting me. my prediction is that she is actually harry. is harry about to murder me somehow. omg am i about to blast a random. why am i killing harry when he gets hot. whered i get a taser. this actress goin brazy. im bouta blow up harry wym. i think u need to reincarnate aaron. omg im gonna find harry and stab him/her. i think not. would your characters do that. im preachin at a church. nvm this isnt true to angel's character. we just need aaron mui and ur reincarnations 3. why is it only missing episode 3 . we need to give aaron mui a character. ur right. harry's boobs. harry's a freak. i heard it was good. i can't stop looking lowkey. harry's boobs are so big. what ep. what are you guys watching? . ansel just got written out of the story TWICE. omg harry is about to murder ansel. there arent enough characters yet. yes ur the one on the table. aaron is the boss officer man ansel is the flirty coffee intern girl kenny is the weeb yan is mask girl's bestie harry is mask girl. if he wasnt weird he'd be a little adorable. i relate to this guy heavily. not the weeb. time to move to myflixr. ishowmeat. aaron is experienced in making girls cry. her boobs r so big though. this show is about dream . that's the wrong smirk. let's watch and FIND OUT AARON. it a new netflix show. while i was helping my dad. to another video. it autoplayed. white won by timeout _. tf was black on LOL. have you ever seen this clip. yea op team. I hate the braves. i already did puzzle rush today. wanna do chess puzzles teehee. i just wanna hear him call me pookie bear . Fuck him and his dumb English dub anime protagonist voice. I csnt believe they replaced their mvp first basemen with another mvp first base who is younger and yet cheaper. higher than me. Yea and fucking murphy too. Yea ngl the A’s gifting them Olson for peanuts is fucking op. Its like the angels but with way better team construction and front office. How is this shit fair. The braves legit have 2 MVPs on their team. look at that fucking rating. another reason to hate this dude. This shit is so funny. Have you guys seen the ishowspeed incident. uh ill lyk when were down there lol. Around What time should i come. Yea ofc. but preferably the time to grab it is 22 to 25. im in irvine from the 22 to like 29. @cum lord can u pick it up from where im staying? im flying down. @cum herald when are u planning to swing by my place in irvine?. those are white boys. i heard of the word from soccer reddit threads. Random thought but I wonder what these stats look like without wilmer on his hot streak. This is exactly what happened to my fyp. Thank god i was friends with peyton so i dont count. The vids r so funny. Yea i for a little in senior year. goodnight my friends. @cum queen pls respond to my text. you're making me feel so brand new ew ew. and she fr said u wu. she fr eating rn. such a normie. still only completed the grid one fucking time. Yea i got nothing. stg this team is in the grid so often. i need you to become a twins historian. No clue tbh. get a better computer that can handle maplestory high specs. ok coming. infinite stuck on connecting to server. ch28 when you're here. thanks. @cum herald @cum herald. @cum herald @cum herald @cum herald. @cum herald. @cum herald. @cum herald. finish this for me. what time is catch tmr. @cum jester got da max bond outfit. actually kinda sick tho. bro's monitor's a little soggy. Wtf is that curved monitor . 40% off. @cum lord check vala supply for caps. Na theres another one. like this thing. its a sillhouette of a city landscape. bruh thats not jabba the hut. that jabba the hutt enter key is kinda funny. jk ill get some rainbow color while im waiting for the beige one. Maybe those ones that look exactly the same. Yea ill buy another set lmao. Good luck you ain’t getting them until December. i got these bitches, theyre sexyhttps://novelkeys.com/products/mtnu-beige. make ur own . U see a nice one and turns out it soldout and never coming back. Looking for keycaps is so fucked. he was cool. he had to monologue bruh. got cocky. who. what smashing. so they went and it was already occupied. yo u guys have a promised land. then he was like. what the frick is wrong with this guy. so he was about to. then he was like. the bible is fucked up. what is up with dat. then died again. but then he was like wassup on easter. and he did that by dying. bc christianity is mostly about jesus forgiving the original sin. why are we talking about flaying. think about it. so we can take their mortal coils and lengthen our legs. wanna procreate. what the hell did u just say. so we can grow our legs. holy frick. u can see the souls of the babies they harvested to gain height. please donate ur shins. he deserved it. why dont they just put new legs into the appropriate sockets in the torso. why do his ankles look fucked. finna run thru the post-surgery leg extenders with a baseball bat. shorties being insecure. they extend ur shins or smth. arent they. i'll be the bts member with the fattest ass. think i was hungry at the time. @cum king just noticed i typed whole food instead of mood. that's a whole food tbh. but if i can stack it on khaled head. wow i hate that. i have to eat. be back in ~5-10. @cum king gonna eat first feel free to keep going. r we throwing on friday. the precision the focus the speed. Goddam hes the goat. 1hr 37th min. we have simu liu's nipples at home. mom can we have simu liu's nipples in hd. the other remains forever. one of those chances goes away. ok but i can still watch it at home and in theaters. think of the trade off. at home we get to pause it tho. so i know when to bust. His average draft pick is 20. wait they lost. idk if steal block is correct. points/rebounds/assists/steal/block?. Idk if i ordered it correctly. 2 steals 1 block. 2 assists 5 reb. Wemby 13th. I had Edwards 8th. but i respect it. lmao thats so risky. So we better be worth. I drafted wemby second round. and he got me a net negative points one week. shades of when i drafted licorice first pick in fantasy lcs. Him working out with steph tricked me i to thinking hes gonna be great. I shoulsnt have drafted this fraud. Lillards replacement btw. i guess those 4 steals really are op. only 2 more than mitchell. Punishes u for not being efficient. holy fuck thats broken lmfao. Mitchel got some steals. Thats what i was thinking. how are points calculated lmao. Im getting cooked. already installed. He will surpass bochy. The goat manager. would be funny if mevlin got a better record with a mid giants roster vs that padres roster. Bob melvin will save the giants, yamamoto will sign with us this offseason, bellinger will also and hit 35+ hrs. bro accepted applications for 20 minutes. These edits r insane. i feel like it's more manipulated/coerced. is it scammed. apparently they got "scammed" by another company. they succeeded now they get sued for all their money and blacklisted. I guess they ultimately succeeded ?. Tried to get out of a contract but failed. what happened. That group is apparently done for now. just dm'd a guy on twitter asking for a job. this is so ass. @cum goodnight i have 6/28 activations on kyrin edit: i ended that wap with 7/33. its interesting. The official Reddit app advertising nba circle jerk is so funny. Pittsburgh and born outside the usa. What teams lol. I think I’m the goat now. Haven’t done the grid in a while. Wembenya zion duo league fucked. Anyone wanna help me draft my nba fantasy team. Stanton level strength. Alvarez hits a pitch in the other batters box off the wall wtf. yea its not bad but not great. the chorus is baekhyun. i think so yea. certainly a league of legends song. who does the chorus. in the mv. the video is all over the place. lol i didnt even pay attention to who is who. Some voices don’t match the champion. baekhyun carries the song lmao. wait its out?. riots boy band song kinda fire. we got same thing, i paid 30. They fucking suck. Also wtf tl. Yo i was fucking joking when i said that , dude is gonna give up 4 runs in 2 innings. I forgot to pay. @cum queen do u remember how much brothers was. @cum king now that i think about it u can't even tell if i did it right LMFAO. guys its a scam dont fall for it. @cum queen no way you made catch an event on discord. i think he is scheduled. @cum lord this astros rangers game 7 is gonna be so spicy. but overall great game. was a pretty bad call tho. this is an insane ump card. And both players die if no one dies by the time its over. Bruh the new valorant agents just sends u to the gulag. > sticking out your gyat for the rizzler > you're so skibidi > you're so fanum tax > i just wanna be your sigma. Gonna put new ones on. It can stay where it is lol. Im not gonna show thst project public. u can just clone the repo and put it on your account. i dont think theyre putting you on intentionally bro. so he thought they threw at him intentionaly. wasnt that early in the game. the 3 run shot?. cause he pimped the fuck out of a homer. and the rangers closer was getting iced. who fought. cause the fight took a long time. bochy is salty. dusty and bochy give no fucks. but he just sat there like a child. the umpires came over and were telling him to leave. but he was later just sitting in the dugout. and dusty got ejected. there was a fight. i saw benches cleared late. just sat there like a child wit hhis arms crosse. what happened. dusty baker refusing to leave after he was ejected was so funny. these postseason games have been nuts tho. yea was too. and a half built personal website lol. all my github projects are just school assignments. then yea you probably should. if its common for the jobs youre looking for. so employers can see how genius i am. i forget how to use it. but my uncle said i should post it. i used it for one project and never touched it again. @cum king do u post all ur relavent projects on github. while i pick up your mom. still have to pick up my dad. ill be on later. :( i wasnt there to bring the elo down. @cum jester nvm we're getting shit on. @cum jesterwe're cringe bar-95 gamers now. i hate this. why c9 play through fudge tho. bro going back to school after this. oh ofc. CLOUD9. but who is this prayer for. we're so chill rn!. come here. At least na guarantee 1-1 team. Tl nrg ur shitting me. So many same region. Ngl most boring outcomes. I cant believe it. Are these round 2 draws. What the actual fuck. Holy shit GAM made it close. Just standing there getting ass blasted. Dude just not watching his screen or anything. fuck this guy. But acuna betts alvarez are all basically the same tier to me. Yea probably ohtani first still. watch together?. Ben10 grandpa is a multiverse traveller. confirmed. @cum pedophile thoughts on this theory?. Sick video for real. Sick video for real. This is so hype. One player joining giants. @cum king would u rather have yordan, trout, ohtani, betts or acuna. will we even face real players. and i think kenny did the tutorial. @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum queen. what about neow. jk wont be for another 20mins. if u even congregate. play without me. im a smc main. @cum goodnight. exactly. farlight 87. we can't be having that. me? possibly? . his mom's house. Watch party ????. Worlds tonight. who wanna watch the le sserafim concert in overwatch. Cant wait for the party. Phillies on a different planet rn. Nothing. What can they even do. Dbacks getting shit on. He ain’t making the cut. Bum is not over 1.000. Is this good. but the super hard difficulty is lame cause they literally get to your qb in a second. it is pretty fun. back. i played that a while ack. the phone game?. Minecraft football manager. Idk if u guys heard of retro bowl. wheres my invite. kevin is Player. i think its bc hilla healed. use ur night troupe outfit box. the big boss stump literally one shot me. wait to duo with me. nothing. and what rank. boss. did u hit the biss. times where it's 2x. is this like a time people just decided on. what is this. Ursus Golden Time UTC: 1:00AM - 5:00AM | 6:00PM - 10:00 PM Local Time: - | -. and do i just do the quick match. whats the ursus quest. its the best route. fk the 38r. i hate this bus. home in 20. stop complaining. just do that. then do it. 300 of them. even tho u can only use 4th job skills. i have to kill monsters of my level. is it 200+. at the very least. u smack it 3 times a day with other people and get bajillions of millions of quadrillions of quintillions of umptillions. or boss tab, ursus. ursus is welfare bear. town. idek what that is. but thanks for the offers ofc. ur gonna be loaded with money omg. attaboy. ill do it on my own. its fine. that way i dont take damage. i just realised i could probaly use my shroud ability to enter a mao. he can be ur bichup. a got popped. i can bishop u. i spawned into a map. i literally cant. where do i get that. whats that. how the frick do u play the game from scratch lmfao. wait u need money level up symbol. so easy. literally. i literally cant do anything. i spawn in a map. i literally cant do anything. yea it is. this game is bad. literally. he's used to seeing things that small cum. with harry's mama. how was irvine sweetie. He better become the next mike trout. @cum queen u got this bro. @cum goodnight. i play one game then leave. fowtnite. are we playing. been out of the game too long. right. Or whatever. is that your first uhhhhhhhhhh. With 2 outs. From a no hitter to not even a shutout. @cum king cobb had a no hitter going into the 9th. hello kitty collab rerun when. But you just blew your load on anya. still waiting for the one piece collab. one sec. play a few without me. @cum genshinerhonkaier why you leave. 7 blocks early. i had to get off early tho. hope everyone involved is ok. there was a car accident on 26th and geary. you can make a good team with units from the colab. according to nick who still plays the game they are good together. are they actually good tho. ur goated. I got the whole fam. bond is my favorite guy. is the dog a pullable character. I pulled for pretty much everything. what you get. No hesitation. wait i just read what kenny wrote. are we playing pad for the spy x fam collab. No hesi. You already know I did. Spy x family colab. I respect it. Dude only buys full items. Somehow above 50wr in plat. 0 mvp 0 S rating 0A rating. Never buys components. All their games. Look at the fucking yone. Draven was not catching his axes . Honestly kinda surprising cus u didnt even have thornmail. South ron’d north tho. Lucky ass flips. The guy on top had 8 dora @cum jester. dude is must watch. That slurve thing is unhittable. Agter the game theyre prob gonna post a recap. U gotta watch the replays. @cum king he has 3 pitching ninja tweets in the past hour. Holy shit. first 27k perfect game?. has that hader release. dude harrisons fastball is something else. hes insane. pitching ninja feature lfg. Actually ohtani not pitching next season. strikes out the side in the first. that emote is impossible to see in dark mode. where my washington eagles at. where are all the san francisco native players. harrison is so good. was it yesterday?. he gunned corbin. bro hits the ball hard even when its non barreled. how is hard hit so high but barrel so low. this is the statcast i like to see. Harrison pitching rn. yea twitch jungle things. Was fucking titled. And dude flash stunned me when rat came. Panth less than 20% hp and i was 80%. Was so annoying. @cum lord ok i cant play more lmfao. fuck outta here. stupid fucking rat trying to camp me. Official should start end of this month. Does some explaining for his character and sets up some future stuff. Is it the gojo flashback?. So far the season is a flashback. The new season. Is it good. @cum pedophile r u caughht up eith jjk anime. Bless us with good teammates. @cum king i can prob play in 30. ya its like mvp for losing team. Sorry ur team sucks Valuable Player. what's svp. Run the lobby with him lol. I just be hating. Doesnt matter now that hes sexy and rich. The lighting makes him look a little green. Naw that second picture of him looks like beastboy. my skin beast boy. Today is Kyle harrison day. That dude looks like ansels fortnite skin. maybe thats just a shitty pic of him. I thought theyd at least be a little sexy before hand. I thought it’s pretty common knowledge that actors get plastic surgery. This dr a menace , the kpop companies gonna hunt him down. @cum king ill go one more. His Q without the red bar almost does as much as my Q. otherwise hes wea. dont get close to him. yea just watch out when he has the red bar under him. And heals him lmao. But he just uses his life drain thing. so try to abuse him. hes weak early. Idek who is good into vlad @cum king. game is so shit. cus the dude who i bought key caps from , i also zelle'd and i told him it might take a while but right when i sent it he said he got it. dam that took hella long. @cum lord your payment has been received . what club did u goto. We did not go to bunn mi. i didnt know cali was based. I will listen next time. i hope this was a lesson learned that fortnite is the best way to spend ur night. we all tired. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum jester @cum queen alright thay was the worst club I been too. Let’s Fortnite. puerto rican, turkish-mediterannean, vietnamese respectively. olive from ant farm. beryl from league of legends lcs. garnet ruby pearl emerald sapphire diamond. the hecc r we listenin to. foundation is so op. @cum king gtg do the dishes. hot cheeto fries  . ill play for a bit im kinda tie word. he has the infinity glove. just pulled off a hate crime. Just gonna brain off artillery mage. we can go to big rec. let me see if big rec's near udon place. what park. the FWIGGIN TWIN MAG. the new ar is so BUSTED. are we. are we vcing. dude if they put panda in the game i woulda bought him. ur basically panda. i feel so out of place in this jjk lobby. typical . i wanna but im going to the stupid club . @cum goodnight. ready whenever. @cum goodnight @cum jester@cum queen fortnite?. my parents might be home with groceries soon. but idk if i can play wr. Ur chess game taking forever. ur lucky he's garbage at the game. in chess rn. bro how can you get lucky in chess what. this guy im beating in chess said "luck". Couldve asked him for a job at tesla. I was looking at the seats and pricing. I was literally thinking about buying tickets this korning. yea that shit staying gold forever. O i forgot u gave up on the account. this sounds good. aint gonna lie my rage from wild rift blinded me from these messages lmfao. This copypasta. Traffic came to a standstill. Everyone inside the mall dropped their hotdogs and put a hand on their hearts. We all turned to face the American flag and those who couldn't looked at the government issued photo of Pulisic in their wallets. A single tear rolled out of our right eye as it was confirmed by the priest through his gentle sobbing, Christian has scored. All is right with the world.. WHAT THE FUCK. i got nothing. he wasnt. the sidearm reliever?. cishek? or something, was he on the jays?. was there a pitcher for the cards. o. play mid or sometihng]. i give up on the acount. o. what rank r u now. doesnt matter what support i played man. what the fuck can i do. aaron also lives close to us. idk about aaron mui tho. harry and i can meet at kenneth's. u and yan can bus there. what does this have to do with anything?. if kenneth has the big one. it's ok we can fit 6 ppl. the way back is doomed. u and yan are closer than me kenneth harry. we have 6 people and none of our cars seat 6. then lunch after?. at daly city the showtimes are. wtf this movie is long as fuck. let me check the showtimes at daly cit. so is the plan movie then lunch or lunch then movie. is parking in the lot next to the theater still free. also kenneth literally said he could drive. im getting dropped off there then lul. and then u drive the other half lul. i was just hoping someone could split the distance ._.. thats not what i was saying. prefer daly city for black panther. also i'm good with either, but i also watched knives out already. thas what im sayin. remember the good times we had. we took the bus to daly city last time. expecting someone else to drive you is straight up entitled behavior. if you dont want to drive then your other option is taking the bus. bro what. who do u think i am taking the bus. If not then we go stones. If we are all down to watch black panther we go Daly City. I can drive or we bus. It don’t matter. Daly City cool with me too. we can just take the bus too. i can drive to like kenneths and then he drives or something. im down for daly city for black panther. thoughts?. could also go to daly city to watch black panther if we really wanna. or come up with something else. we can watch the second knives out movie if yall want to. @cum lord @cum queen @cum jester @cum herald stones is not showing black panther on friday. Is what I’m cool with. and theres nothing to do out there. cause daly city kinda far. cool with daly city/. I’m cool with that. Daly City is open. do yall wanna watch the knives out movie?. this definitely throws a wrench in our plans. They seem to not have it at stones. showtimes?. Need to grab the tickets in case they sell out. What time do we wanna do the movie. you got 5 seconds. @cum herald. friday stones?. Wait isn’t that in the trailer. anyways i need to rewatch it so i can rehear. That’s surprising. literally it wasnt that hard to get tix. 3 hrs before the movie. we got tickets for regal opening night. whore. ur the problem. Well then there’s the problem. Who’s spoiling you?. or im going without u and then rewatching. the day after. its either opening day. i cant live with the spoilers u slut. before watching it. wanted to wait 2 weeks after release. ur bitch ass. but down to rewatch. btw i already watched black panther. So prolly won’t get on, if I do get on, until 9(?). Helping with dinner. Jimmy g is just not him. But yea the offense isnt scoring as many points as i thought they would. They play tmr. What happened. I thought they signed mcaffrey and would be good. Better than the niners. And ppl say with an average qb they r playiff bound. Well they r 6-4. Are they good this year?. 9/20something. The qb had 9 completions. Tied 3-3. Walk off punt return td. Nah what happened. @cum king u see how the jets lost. based. I wanna use this shit so badly. I need someone to say based man. Saving this pic for sure. There’s no fucking way. Whenever i tried to jump on him as jungke, he could just R me and theres at keast half my hp. Yea he does an ungodly amount of damage. and it one shot me. i was at 2/3 hp. what the fuck. q ults me and one shots. he misses his w. his ult is supposed to do execution damage. was 2/5. dude this fucking veigar i played against. vayne just roll and dodge shit. yea idk why you chose her she fuckin sucks. Fuck ashe. My new one trick. I hope double lift isnt washed. @cum lord 100t signed the lcs main character. is your mic fixed yet. whatever. All because of you >:(((. My teammates about to see some real bad game play. Imma run it down. That’s it. bitch. If y’all wanted movie and shopping. Dt is def not on the table. we can just wander stones afterward. but if we do stones theater. if we wanna go ggp idk what the closest theater is. I was looking at the reviews cuz I didn’t know if we were sick of marvel lol. ok then what theater are we going to. Tbh I haven’t watched a single one piece movie . since when do you give us a shit about reviews tho. Bp has higher ratings than onepiece. acting like you checked the reviews for some dogass one piece movie. since when ahve the reviews meant shit to us?. Lemme check the reviews. black panther?. Or all of us in one tent should generate enough heat. Unless you bring a giga heater. Bruh no way we’re camping out. We camp out. I can bring a tent. You wanna go Black Friday shopping. Wait what movie. yea that's probably da move for me. Since high chance that less people will be at these two since they will be shopping. Is movie/GGP the play then. Sounds good. We can do lunch and when you need to go you can dip. my brother's leaving the day after so might spend that night with family. for lunch? or the whole day?. works for me. @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum herald @cum lord friday work for everyone?. Friday is that best day for me. Ik that ad was suppose to be me. But also Kenny may not be available over the weekend?. It’s supposed to be one ad and everyone sticks on that one. But idk if the sales will be the same and prolly low stock on stuff. Unless go Saturday?. But crowds probably gonna be crazy. I was thinking of shopping for Black Friday. GGP? Shopping? Movie? Or other?. What’re we thinking of doing?. Uhh as far as I know, for sure can’t do Thursday, but Friday Saturday should be ok. stupid ass pyke trying to bm. sorry i just saw this. Discord on my mac not loading. U wanna play one for all. and hit that shit thinking it was ignite. why the fuck does the top jax player take barrier. Their bot lane got away with 1 hp 3 times in lane. FUCK HES TAKING THE AATROX. Dam time to run it. @cum lord i think ive flamed my jungler in 3 straight games lol. im 1 win from diamond. My dad made fried rice so ill just eat in my room. already?. Actually we can just play if u want. @cum king gonna eat first. im starting it. Im only on my phone. and we missed it. but you were flaming in here. I 1v2 then cus leona blows everything but malph thought id die so he said “we lose”. I go to fight a akali cus i thought sion with me. and then proceeded to never be at any objective. was so hard for no reason. later game the enemy has a kaisa top and runs my darius. decides to play kaisa top and gets ran by an irelia. one game i got a hardstuck emerald adc autofilled top. yea game sucks cock. game literally so unplayable. and they say jg diff. and he perma invades me and i cant do shit since hes already 2k up. on vision the entire time. then he goes to gank bot. while the fucking veigar renekton both come and push me off. and no one stops him. he literally kills it on my ward on fucking vision. he goes to it after finishing his red so i go to his blue. i place red at my blue to see if kayn invades. jungling is so fucked in wildrift man. kk i'll probably be available then. is when ill be available. when will u be back. i will not be back in sf monday tuesday. think im available monday/tuesday. @cum queen when can you find out your schedule. @cum pedophile when can you find out your schedule. Dont even own her tho. but idek what champ i would consider fun. those all sound so boring. I played 2 malph 2 brand 1 kat. like whoevers champ gets picked is the only ones having fun i swear. ya fuck one for all. Got boring ass brand 2 games in a row. I fucking hate one for all voting. and no more totems. hyper burning only starts at 200+. and up to you. also do any of ur relatives sell life insurance lul. do i play maple to hit 250. u get one shot at eternals every couple months. maplestory is toxic. not home. Naut game Kayle ulted me in the last fight instead of our ad big sadge. And then enemy bot took over the game. Couldn’t even engage so was useless all lane. Enemy Ap mf supp and I had an ez adc that got poked out. That galio game was rough. lol i think he lives in china now. Hes gonna dodge military huh. yea hes korean but he speaks chinese on stream. I didnt read that part. Oh the tweet literslly says. I am lost for words. Bro. you mega sprinted it. what is this. season ended. Has yan reached plat yet. listening toworlds champ select music is kinda hype. The league universe hasnt discovered africa yet. who else?. honestly theres not that many black champs. i dont think hes from the void tho. idk his lore. The new gay champ. What about. aphelios getting resized. i heard sett aphelios was a common ship. Bel veth and the alien laser. any champ with the apostrophe. Where is he from. why would cho be there. bro thats not lore accurate. warwick sex scene please. Sex??. not recently. Is there any news about arcane s2. ill rub one out for you. Im gone on 26th tho. Cheap af. Yea hornest game. oh yea. yea the dirt cheapest is 60. Maybe cus its lakers. I thought theyd be cheaper. too. this team getting to hyped. damn these tickets expensive as fuck. Nvm section 7 is 2K. i want him to throw chalk in my mouth. I wanna be able to touch lebrons muscles. AND I CANT FIND IT TO UNSELECT. IM ON THEIR SITE. the furthest seats are 60ish. Or on their official website. how much are tickets. Im off. When do the lakers come to town. i think they already played the warriorstwice tho. yan aint a free man on fridays. I didnt know it was this bad. We should go to a kings game. Trout ohtani and judge to sf?. he gotta get out of that org. angels are destined for mediocrity. Next year is trouts turn. sad bryce didnt win his ring. Insane numbers from both of them. Sad for paul. Oh his ops even higher. Goldy got second that year with 1.05 ops. tho. overshadowed by judge th. Who tf won mvp in 2015. I didnt know goldy had such a good season. he would have to win like the next 5. Warriors avoided losing today lets goooo. i had oblivion orb too. Yea ignite does no reduced healing i swear. i had ignite on this dude. And so i just flashed. Still flying in with Q. But was a bit too far. yea that was kinda funny. I failed an insec. so you said fuck it and kicked the lulu for a kil. but it wouldnt go off. lmfao i was watching that one where you tried to insec jinx. Was spamming R wondering why tf it wouldnt kick lulu until i realized. But i was meaning to kick lulu who was right next to me. Jinx was further up and i guess my target lock was on her. I got behind them both without w or flash. There was this other time i went bot that game. then do something about it. this one dude kept pinging their items. and none of my team built mpen. and they all hyperstacked mr. he literally kicks me and my ult is useless. that shit was so unplayable. fuck that. Ill play an all for 1. And i couldnt follow up cus traps. I R her and she lives with 1 hp again. Then my next bot ganj. Then i my red side jg gone and xin zhao up 2 lvls. They were both double bubbled with a sliver left. My first bot gank i die to tower cus i have no energy to Q. I ganked bot twice and jinx and lulu both lived with 1 hp. and my direction change didnt register. i lagged right as the jinx w went out. Im down to play a few if u want. I wanna play morgana but i dont own her. so mad my yuumi pick didnt go through. I had a malphite. autist type shit. why the fuck would you vote for vex. fuck all for one man. Was in a game. when you guys free. brother visiting. @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum herald @cum jester @cum lord we hanging out over thanksgiving or what?. wanna play a few?. One did but he was the most behind. none of yall went ap?. he sounds so similar. is it the same kid??. this kid screams the exact same way as the other kid lol. our minions won it. even with all mr. they lw shred us. o. and we are all tank. they cant siege. this fucking game im playing. wait all for one is in wildrift. wildrift? @cum king. Hes in hall of fame. @cum lord 100t is dropping ssumday?. Yea the video with it and the sad music is pretty funny too lol. this cod meme is actually hilarious. Curry shot 17/28 7/11 from 3. Since map is so small. Happens to me so often when i try to abuse a matchup as lee. The laners can get to jg so fast. Invading is so hard in wr. good jg matchup for him to bully peanut. thats why dk late picked him in draft when they did. That one game i played him i had to gank top to get red powers. why did ipick ziggs. gonna hit challenger ashe one trick. at least my ashe winrate didnt drop lolll. cursed game. youre ego that fragile?. was trying to steal my buffs. why. took my honey fruit at full hp. legit walked into my lane. but why the fuck are you trolling. like i dont care that you lost lane. love to see it. whos the challenger on our team lol. let me play a challenger player man. yea and ints like that in norms. any other item besides deaths dance we go 2-0. this one gank i went top we traded 1 for 1 but the jihn got away with 1 hp. and runs into melee range of aatrox every fight. first item. morg cant root aatrox for her life. this mf. and then i cant play. lee flashed for me. galio flashed for me. aatrox flashed for me. and then every person came to my lane and flashed. never playing norms ever again. dude i got cucked that game i swear. bit of an aatrox gap. holy shit. my q goes off a second after i R. with the typo. and they lost. scored 50. curry. his clear is good. yea lee is strong early. unless its suppose to feel that way then. .... early at least. i thought with new jg buff. norms too easy. this champ is so easy. see how far ahead i can get with new jg buffs. ill play 1 more. but in wild rift. what can i say. even tho i lost all those skirmishes top lane. guaranteed enemy team has both lol. picked brand just to fuck over aatrox kayn. why. and than cancelled. he channeled his back. he baited me. what. and then i snap back. and turns out she waas zhonyas entie time. si i spam my abilities in bush. but my ult goes to the other side of the bush. i hate this mf game. get me outta this game. fucking aids. this fucking yi mf bronze duo. rly?. this champ sucks. im running it down this game. oh is trhat master. dam this in game update takes forveer. why the FUCK is your game taking so long. you spelled it wrong idiot. google.com/canyon-kayne-build. any new sexy skins tho. DAM in game update too. game finally updated. so if i kill red u can come and get it too. also they added buff sharing in jg. ig i thought they change completely not just add stuff. o. his ult heals percent maxhp of the person you go inside. well all abilities heal. q heals. they do change no?. he fucking looks weird tho. i thought his abilities change. his red form is basically same skills. but he can beat up some people. wouldnt say hes insane 1v1. is he strong early. o. and red can fuck ranged. i mean its not like hes complete ass against the other type. but im guessing his red is better. so u pick him when a team is either heavy melee or heavy ranged. when he fills for one color he can transform. hitting ranged champs give blue. he has to get points to transform. like wtf are those red and blue bars. he heals a lot and is more bruiser. so red form is good vs melee comps?. he looks complicated nvm. can play norms lol. no way hes not permabanned. im down to play. hes out?. @cum lord i bought aatrox. here comes sga and fox. him and deaaron fox fighting for first team. solo ruining this thunder takn. yea who the fuck is this guy. holy shit sga first team. dam lux support has to have the highest pick rate. i got chat restricted for flaming my team. boo hoo u got drag costing ur flash, R, zhonyas, baron and nexus. we had 2 drags already proceed to get baron while shes dead and end the game. says "thanks for drag". their eve respawns comes and steals it flashes and zhonyas to try to run but i kill her. i was soloing drag as last person on map alive playing ashe. alacantara wins cy young. Didnt think about that. to set up the cameras and shit. Just need space to stand and wave ur arms right. you still need space. But u dont actually run. + you need space. or they're kids in the same roomm. How much r thise things. i like to imagine antoher kid was getting terrorized by another adult. when red calls the emergency meeting another kid is crying. u hear another kid crying. no towards the end. i tihnk theres only 1 kid crying. hes the one screaming. i wanna do that to some kid. he was only chasing one. why are there two kids cryign. This vid makes me wanna buy that vr shit. You probably did and I forgot. by that i mean a whole lotta anime women ass. ass game. swear i showed this to u at kenny's house. Cool graphics tho. Typical gatchs game. yo wtf i have to play now. Better than priconne. ima just run it in the jungle. lethal tempo is. wait wasnt phase rush in the game before?. i dont wanna read jungle change. did they announce aatrox. that champ is aids. wait doesnt atrox come out soon. i wish rennatas in the game. yea but im sexier. by the time u clear red side jungle enemy jg gonna have full cleared and ganked mid and bot. im about to play seraphine jungle. riot thinks i care about an account named suckeesuckee6969. graves top is fun to do. be an elo terrorist. honestly. Couldve won too. fuck him i fed my ass off. and he said "dude i was going to play ap mf support". and i said fuck it im playing lee sin double jg. support picks mf. i had ad role this one game. sometimes i just ran it down if i didnt like my teams comp. yea i just stopped giving a shit. where im in such a foul mood. i swear every session ends like this. this is why nikke: goddess of victory is better. idek why i play man. the wild rift experience. every fucking game today was like this. if ashe just built normal we win. wait my name already has god in it. like all it took was 1 competent player on any of those champs. one game. ima change my name and say that. "why do you think i have god in my name". fucking jungler with the least gold in the game. pathetic. just fucking drown in a tub. imagine having the name 'xTheDivineOne' in 2022. retards think theyre korean or something. like why cant ashe copy top3 player build. yea and no one our team has sniffed diamond. this sona peaked master 2.5k games 49% wr. and my team cant go even against plats. and hardstuck. idk whats going on. Play in shower. still trying to get my phone to fucking connect man. sorry i still didnt shower yet. Wtf lol. @cum pedophile can you buy something for me with amazon prime and i pay u back. yea they partnered with comcast. It comes with the apartment?. this shit a steal considering i dont pay for it. tho. ima shower toh. i can play wr in a bit. nah ima restart my phone or smth. Call him again. fuckin technology man. but it works on my laptop?. doesnt fuckin work on my phone. so i see the new network and try it. and i sent him the network name and password. and so this dude activated my device. so i had to live chat through my phone and data. like their app is completely busted. R u only one there. bro im trying to set up this xfinity internet in my apt. @cum king wanna bot lane duo im feeling in the submissive kitten soraka mood rn. so typical of yan. Pretty common sight tbh. It’s a nun wearing rainbow goggles underwater praying at a goldfish. it's a nun blessing and praying for a goldfish. nirvana album cover but instead of a naked baby reaching for money. Wtfis this. @cum pedophile this made me think of u . And I’m right there. “Is anyone there”. Yeah it’s weird. bereal really said "Your friends would definitely prefer to see your face!". i posted one. Where is it. i posted my dump on bereal. I need to comment. @cum jester where’s the BeReal you fucking coward. Generally you can win by not hitting him until he wastes his ammo. The ash matchup is weird for el primo. I rly wanted to pick sam. I used to play him a lor. I should max my ashe hes pretty funny to play. Cus if not he just kites u with max charge. yea idk the matchup. Idk honestly. And plus u hit him. I dont think he gets his charge if u sit on them. U have to jump on the little rats if he spawns them on top of him. but el primo bad pick my bad. i've been getting asked to do many chores. GET ON THEN. probably went out. aaron eating dinner with his family. why has no one tagged me yet. u got it boss. thnx fam appreciate it gangy. tag me when u guys r on. i ready for da club league. @Deleted User club leagie. what does that even mean???. how about you medley these nuts. i liked the potato medley. @cum herald @cum pedophile @cum jester how was brunch sweeties. na out of vct. bruh optic lost today in valorant. is that good. some eurpean valorant player went 12-40 in 2 maps in the semi finals world championship. You mental boomed him. cus graves couldnt kill his red. Did you win tho. jg started flaming his mid in all chat. mid never came to help. i camped enemy red and hooked it 4 times. Inting jax almost worked. Let it be known. Yea it was 18. this is why you on 18 game loss streak. bro thats not a thing. Im trying inting jax strat rn. Might still be therep#. Lolll check recents. no way you lost 18 straight. My 18 game loss streak put me in elo hell. Prolly not im gonna be packing most of the day. @cum lord couldn’t be me. Im confused. insecure ass masters player. builds triforce vayne. bruh duel players are actually so braindead. Gn rveryone. They changed in this update. was a little confused. yeah i missed 1. Or u will miss minions. So u cant leash anymore. Also the 3 lanes crash same time at start. but wasnt familiar with the healing. Thats max i healed 2 games ago with it. In one w. Makes it so i can heal like 1.5K. The item enchant i have on boot. that time you almost saved yi in river. not really. Is it like this on pc?. Ill heal. you pick a champ. Or two different. playing his main in a fucking 1v1. he plays fucking lucan. bruh what a tryhard. Cant spec. I heal 700. Im one tricking soraka. new spy family trailer tho poggy woggy. i'll shit down ur throat kiddo. waited 2 years for a copy paste. ok its not terrible but it feels like ive listened to this song before even though it just came out lmao. ya track's p weak. Thats why i like dont know what to do. its trash. Their a side songs are usually the same ur right. Is it good. called shut down. new song 1 hour ago. Lovesick?. some weird ass chorus. then jisoo rose bridge. then lisa. like every song they make now follows the same format. i swear this new blackpink song was made by an algorithm man. Think hes back soon tho. And drury guy they traded for got a concussion. that too. oh yeah. Too. what a dickhead. their face is fuckin machado. tatis is a drug abuser. sign soto and hes trash. thats actuall so funny toh. I lied not for the year , those numbers r with the padres. Pls miss the playoffs. The padres are 18-19 since the deadline. i dont even think that obp justifies the other numbers. this dude is trash. what the fuck. wait for the season?. ok harry see u at ur place at like 11. how you gonna say youre sick of us when you were the one asking if we were cumming?. thats false. i meant all of us. yea in his mouth. yea he's probably seen ur cock. bro what we lived together. we seen each other this past month more times than.....uh i dont have a time range. thats facts. seen yall too much in the past month. bro im sick of your faces man. @cum queen @cum king are you two coming? . time has been changed @cum herald @cum jester. where u meet then. Uhhh haven’t decided yet. where at. It is what it is. oops i sent that while playing league. o ur right. but its at 11am. wait come with us. I would be there for you if I could. You’re having brunch without me. @cum lord is this real???. i am going to brunch with aaron mui yan and vanessa. Making sure I have all my stuff ready. No I will be packing tmr. Thnx tho. ofc @cum lord you're invited too. wait nvm i dont have to go in. i gotta go in for werk. @cum herald @cum king u down for han il kwan for lunch?. If you guys want to. can we attend ur class after lunch then. and then i had no time after that, until now. in the morning before i went to class. fuck you mean. only had time for 1. @cum pedophile bro why did you play 1 power match game. WE ARE THE LOVESICK GIRLS . playing my song without me smh. i blame the 3 slackers in this chat. @Deleted User we placed fucking 8th in day 1. nah but fr databases are just relationships. databases are easy. what are you some sort of nerd or smth>. kenneth michael gee is only available after six forty-five post meridian. also if you wanna go i recommend lunch. stupid ass close whenever they want. that place sucks. any han il kwaners tmrw for dinner. stfu and guzzle my cum you fucker. But waiting to hear the whole song before I get sick of it. Betting the people in the video hate it already. That is true, was getting a little annoyed by it during the video. spins and wins. yea annoying. Idk they played it so many times in the vid I’m already kinda sick of it. Such a shit champ. Mine always think they can outplay in solo lane and get shitstomped. The enemy one is always paired with yuumi and just run the game. Bro I fucking hate Samiras. Meanwhile down 9k gold. Also the song sounds pretty good. Lil nas x concert as well. Guys we have to go to worlds. just broke my 18 loss streak in wildrift on dilf69. @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum pedophile can u guyz club league. Uh probably gonna eat with my family. we could prob do for dinner. angel are u going to blackpink in dallas. class ends at 6:45. you wanna do friday after class?. when?. Auto attack people to death. just need more practice. Also i did not know u cannot heal urself as soraka. Ah yes the “look at my match history” only for it to be all losses. wait actually. Name buff. I might run a wildrift game. @cum lord aaron in wild rift. @cum jester @cum king ready. U guys club league rn?. switch acct. the rweard kinda funny. trynna play this challenge. no ones here. any club leaguers @Deleted User. It’s where all the coin flip players settle. Emerald such a shit elo man. He had another 2-17 game on jhin and they won. He went 0-12 as jungle literally running it in every lane and we won. How is this possible. time to start doing yoga. And now my neck hurts. I woke up and started stretching. nvm i got poopy fruit on my roll i'm unmotivated. back to blox fruit grind. who's the new champ?. @cum king new champ in wildrift . That shit was like lebron beating the warriors in 2016. But like seriously what’s wrong with jdg how tf did they lose. That jdg t1 vid still gives me chills. i had a stop sign they didnt. a car just stops on the intersection until i go. as i was doing a left on 36. looping back @cum queen. traffic p bad tho. could be 30-45. i might be overestimating. then you. still need to pick up kenny, then we're going to aaron's. What the eta for me?. @cum herald 5mins :p. maybe youve played against jokic. okie ill be ready. you have space in the trunk?. but ngl some of the grips are a little fucked. should i bring my clubs or nah?. pick me up??? !!!. is there spot in the car. 6:30-7ish?. when]. be there in like 30-45 @cum herald. i'm going to harry's. so what time do i grab everyone. ok i lied im not gymming today. im probably gonna go with a mask tho just in case. Yea that works too. Just gym earlier. you go to irving for gym right?. i can bus to kenny's if that's easier for you. Kenny and ansel. who am i driving. for how long?. it came out today. Idk this is the first I’m hearing of it tbh. @cum herald when available? :0. At 6ish?. @cum herald can you pick them up?. yeye poe too. think wow/lost ark. thank you harry for driving us i appreciate you. whats last epoch?. boys im lowkey feeling better. i'll be home by 6. i'm off around 5?. think i'll pass on last epoch teebeeh. ill play if you play. but it cost moneys. i was thinking about playing it. Also Doug has extended an offer to play on his last epoch server if anyone is interested lmao. @cum jester what time are you off. so they all paid me a shit ton and i basically bankrupt 2 players. well i got a tsumo with like 9 han. i swear it's harder to. u get any cracked hands playing irl?. which i think is more fair. but riichi its split. i think that's also how we play it at home. that only happens when we have special hands. at least thats how we r playing it. what LOL. and if u tsumo, instead of having ur total winning pay split between the 3 other players, they each pay u the entire amount lol. well what's one more day. my family doesnt use flowers and we don't do chicken pot. and flowers are just bonus points for drawing. some ppl use it but mostly beginners. ohh that's called chicken pot. what time we going @cum king. and there are "flowers" that you can draw that basically count as +1 han. down for some golf. u can just pon or chi everything but its just small. and also when u open ur hand u dont need a han to win. taiwanese hand it a little more i forget how much. so i think a regular hand in riichi is 14?. is it just the normal hands? without all green, pairs and stuff?. A lot simpler than riichi. what ruleset. no i'm still downloading it. Ive been playing a bit irl. Im a second place merchant. Made new account. Im washed now. Maybe it was me????. I also deleted a message from the bot on 1/11. But idk why. The bot added it on 1/11. Yea i prob posted that photo here before. there aren't even logs about this lmfao. Cant even read shit. When i wasnt washed. fix Name: IMG_9937 ID: 1195244249235599440https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1195244249235599440.png?size=96&quality=lossless. Shit is a ss of my old stats. I was wondering who made it LMAO. what... I did not make that. oh is it the time he got gang banged in catan. @cum lord explain this. only if he's working. why flame him when hes the one youre gonna rely on?. wdf is this. @cum herald fk u if ur working today. woa spill it rnrn . @cum herald would you be interested in golf today. Maybe halu will give you a ride. omg HAHA i have TEA about them. if you're still sick all g. @cum queen down to golf?. i can prob just bus over too. dont want u to boomerang back either lmao. im down but youre gonna have to recruit kenny cause i aint driving to yo house. just saw ella and aaron gee and their coworker at lou's. don't wanna tear something. we can wait till u feel confident u can swing more. I’m down but I probably won’t hit a full basket. tonight? :p. Don’t you have work. @cum king @cum queen I'M READY TO WORK ON MY SWING RAHHH. I usually never grt to it. I don’t trust these builds sometimes. Oh really?. The top person builds it 2nd last. That item is shit on yone tho. Maybe i shouldve bought it earlier lol. Would edge of night help vs eve. Yea that champ is boring as fuck. He just nuked waves i cant touch shit. And a sol. She was annoying. Bro was just farming champions all game. Scary as fuck. That eve was gm player. mundo better champ. am i just not suppose to fight him for long. i had small anti heal item and dude still just out heals my damage. and when i fought him i think i was up an item. i was up 2k on mundo. and we still had to tryhard . they had a jinx literally inting. fuck this game. aight im done. i dont get that champ. literally how does mundo 1v1 me. fucking pussy. just to see trist w'd away. sion literally 1hp. i was half hp and she was half hp. like the one fight top. got called acoustic. and other times just jerking off. so passive when with the team. does nothing. this fucking adc. this fucking game man. feel like im playing with rekkless in botlane. just to realize i never used it. dude i thought i popped my ult before i joined that fight. he levels up and lies. and i flash autop follow. he flashed. my aatrox is less than ideal. we may lose this game. idk why it doesnt show up. even my own ultimate pings i dont see it. yea its weird. i just dont see anything. i dont think its me saying anything. bruh what you been saying. my chat was blocked. i was about to flame that guy in chat. in pre game chat said "draven too easy im smurf". the sivir. who?. the dude who called himself a smurf has 3 mvps. checking my recents lmao. i lose almost every game. r we considered smurfs. nah the malphite. you talkin bout cum lord?. 2/34 in his last 2 games. why was that game so hard lmfao. how long is a wild rift game. no way more than 200 people play nasus. You're a top 200 nasus. Can afk brain off sion. We got a smurf. lmfao maybe its both of us. Was it u or me. Cant vc rn tho. i j heard you guys say youre playing finals. i dont think so. stream if you guys play!. this game looks like a game at dave n busters. That was tuff ansel. i wanna see the game. skill issue is crazy. isnt this game $40. @cum goodnight where'd you go you mf. is there a toboggan option. but won't turn my nose to trying it out. yea i usually only like savory too. apparently it's back tho. @cum king hot honey rub back at wingstop. it was a weekend so more players. can't even play it . bought game. but ahh no way ill have enough for sparkle and her. nah that's just how the game is rn. another time my friend. I couldn't even hop on today breh it was bugged for me. acheron looks fucking awesome. shit on these bums. lesson: dont build early cities. i can play in like 20. @cum goodnight @cum queen helldiving?. #sheeple. the two guys who fed the dude apologized to me for the gangbanging. the first place guy ended with the most production and they still fed him free cards cus they thought i was too ahead lmao. i tried to argue back saying the guy theyre feeding is way ahead, they still continue to rob me, and they realize too late and the dude wins and i get last. when 1) i wasnt even near army and 2) i was not as ahead as they thought i was. they robbed me to death and fed another player cards so i couldnt take army. i had some decent early rolls and got like 2 points up kinda early. just played a catan game. i have to eat sorry. "bitch fking u diff". dude that fight in river. We at least win the one fight where they all get awya 1hp. aight i aint playing this lane anymore. A normal mid champ we win this. im 1/3 studying 1/3 watchin 100t valorant 1/3 playing wildrift. It definitely isn’t better. is ur throat completely fried. Bro I think I was yelling too much. be there in like 5 min ansel. @cum amazonian @cum queen wanna helldive. i'm stuck on loading tho. omg kenny away status on discord. sigh. i think i got kicked for afking too long. im down to play whenever. Guys my back is so cooked. Im at this frisbee tournament and gotta take a shit but theres a long ass line of musty players ima KMS. Kat the goat of preforming in games that dont matter. How is this dude the best player in the league. Watching jokic in the all star game. Aight im done. not good enough. We can’t abuse them . our diamond player. this garen. ur right. Diamond players. Idk I think they’re just better ngl. cringe games. Time to give this Garen two Ls in a row. got fucking boomed fml. holy top 50 garen. I’ll play one. im sorry. Got flamed by this dude for not taking a 2v3 first drag fight when our trist just recalled. But I agree it’s not bad, honestly kinda like it. The chorus definitely adds to it. This is shockingly accurate lol. Electric/house. Reminds me of the music from the Russian meme songs. Just gave the aespa Tetris song a listen. It’s not even bad too. This aespa Tetris song still got me fucked up. But most K-pop songs take some time to grow on me tbh. IVE new song is nice. Fucking win trading i swear. Fucking camped her lane just for her to run head first into tf off spawn. Tell me how this cait gets caught out so many times. But I’ll be gone. And then i get fucking dove twice by a yi and nasus while hes jerking off doing krugs. I had a perfectly frozen wave on a nasus and my fucking vi comes to fuck it all and smite the cannon. Davis is going to go bankrupt. Gary may better buy the entire class tickets if they make it. So they booked their arena for the graduation. They didnt even believe in themselves to make fi als. Cause then there will be a conflict with one of the finals games. Unless the kings make the finals. Yea it’s at golden 1. I was told it’s in sac. Its the kings arena?. I need to graduate in their arena man. Please let them lose first round. All cus of that dam beam. Sac tickets are more expensive than chase center. Surprising no other first round series were more hype. Kings warriors rly the most hype first round?. It’s worded as most expensive ever. Lemme read it. Most expensive first round tix. I was about to @ you for that Reddit post. Best player in the world last year in challengers. I cant believe dsg actually got yay. Don’t think so, not sure tho. It’s a chain?. Idk some old dude probably lol. Who the fuck is Anthony. Anthonys cookies are good as fuck. After i posted that ss. Riot put me in fucking elo hell. In order to get him to switch we need 5. Yan is on a 5 person plan. Did you guys want to start a Spotify plan?. Holy shit. Yea riot queuing me with griefers. Im kinda cracked on kaisa (ignore the two losses in the middle). @cum king they accepted me lol. At the gym. Join and invite me. In the guild explore page. @cum king i just randomly found uci wildrift guild. Got fucking zombie slayer jinx. I got a poro skin chest, praying for the bruce lee lee sin skin. Next champ i think. idek what i thought it was before. i just realized that your icon is twitch lmao. yea definitely. so idk how it decided the positions lmfao. i played it in aram. oh is it?. still weird tho. the way the wheel is based on position. you gotta like take a second to look. unless you somehow memorize the positions. i wish it was like galio. fucking ass. its a scroll wheel. yea u gotta drag the wheel thing. instead of being like aimed on the map. his ult feels so bad to use. ive only played shen in practice tool. not a t all. think so. were they even close?. they didnt make the playoffs. trailblazers announcers sound so dead inside. dude watching the warriors highlghts on youtube. charge yo phone dammit. seconds. aight ill play 1 more. hold up. @cum king my phone died. cheapest is like 400. for a ticket. that shit gonna be expensive. prob still expensive tho. warriors kings round 1. letiggy the goat interviewer. vs who wtf. warriors won by 50. c9 win buff. and then you wanna fight when we cant win. need stacks. im farming. where the fuck was my help. bruh i got ganked 2 times in 5 minutes. everyone was even or ahead. because our team was weak as shit. why no one fight. aint no way we were winning that fight. what was that flank. 10k at around 20 mins. they were up 10k game 1. they are down 2-1. should be up 2-1. pretty cool. Mf already has 5hr this season. Totally forgot mccutchen was on the giants. TIL the giants drafted byran reynolds in 2016 and traded him for andrew mccutechen. finishing up a tft then ill get in call. @cum herald. Because of yo momma. Apparently league is getting bigger in japan rn because of streamers playing. which is funny considering international teams r still huge. lcs is dead lol. Next week should be good for me too. Is anyone trying to game later. Vegan trend is now #over. now have 1. yea apparently they had 4 locations at one point. Lw not surprised. Amd how dysfunctional everyone and everything else was. From hearimg how much he does. Honestly. sam was carrying fr. Sam a retail working legend. That’s actuallykinda funny. Seriously. the davis location is gonezo. bro burger patch closed. Standing here doing nothing is turning me insane. infinite phone battery hack. My phone battery just went up 1%. Dont even know where they r playing. I got ghosted. They didn’t respond to my request. just go play on the alumni team. i would come but i have to meet up with some ppl later. So bored. Im just chilling on the field by myself. Na not ur fault it was at like 8% earlier lmao. Gonna die right after champ select. Nvm actually phone is at 5%. I should be back at like 5 or 6 pm. I’m going snowboarding over the weekend. on the phone with my mom. That theatre was pretty nice. When i watched a movie with him and taylor it was in sac. but def one of the regals. idk which one. And run into them by “accident”. IMA GO. they wathcing the mario movie at 8:45. yea i ate with them. Power couple ngl. At the field next to the bus station if u want to drive here @cum king. Just wanna throw a disc 100 miles. Im bored as fuck. Im at the field if you want to throw again. Guess who I ran into. Depending on yo momma. I have reason to suspect he plays roblox. Was reading a book about robots to a few kids and then one of them randomly said sussy baka. Also highlight of the day. Um actually I said depending on the time. Depending on yo momma. Depending on the time for Sunday, I can go. how late in the evening. i'm ok with sunday evening. But next weekend I should be free. I can only do Sunday evening this weekend. @cum queen @cum herald @cum pedophile what time for movie?. its literally them signing over the tetris theme. whats going on. what the fuck aespa wrote a song for a tetris movie. Coming rn. is it fucking raining rn. Cece said she will get one. So its all u. Im forcing u to buy a drink. Ill watch u drink it. we dont ahve to go then lol. U can tho. Yea i could come. i finished my meeting. are you free now. Who is 100t gonna play mid. Yan is our server mascot. so if we're near campus ill probably just stay. well my class is at 5. Was thinking about just playing catch at the track field grass area across from itea. I can drive u back home after if u need. not trynna hold a frisbee in class. cause igot class after. can we just use yours then. Do u wanna throw frisbee after?. But apparently for real this time. ive seen this one before. if they transitioned it well im sure its not bad. Is it good?. someone cut out the chorus lmfao. Whats ur address. Saw rhat they have new seasonal. We could go teaspoon. No idea I haven’t tried it. Kinda funny in about 1 year 2 mochi nut places opened. Or we could just play wildrift. Is it good. There’s a new mochi donut place. Idk honestly. Any new boba places or anything lol. Sure I think I’ll be done by 3. Idk how long it’ll take. I have to work on a project thingy at 1:30. What time. lowkey scared of heights but it was nice watching the ball travel. we also got third floor. Wait what fuckin time. im only 23 yards from hitting the back now. And theres a frisbee tournament. Having lunch with ceces friends. Kk ima come in the morning. have one class from 5-6. @cum king im actually coming to davis tmr if u wanna grab a drink or something. i will fuck this guy. how long. bruh im in a chess game now. can only play a f ew. @cum king wanna wild cum vc. add some sounds to the soundboard for this server. Slept me through wall. And mf zoe knew somehow. I swept my way through the entire thing. At the start. The blue invade i did. all for this actual robot of a kayle to sprint it. Ill play 1 more. I was too far. fucking ap malphite player for an adc. I tried to Q smite the drag to burst it down but the combo didnt do enough. fucking farming minions while i cc zoe and she can ult for a 1k shutdown. get the bag sis. Oh the coke one. this newjeans song is literally an ad wtf. graves top is dogass. And no one wanted to reroll. Didnt realize ur already playing. @cum king wildrift?. Excited for nrg tho. Thought they would at least finish the split. gonna end the season with a +200 run differential and a losing record. Still cant believe mf built hullbreaker first item. aight have fun. Burn money. Clean the grave. Like some chinese tradition. Gotta clean the grave. kk saturday then. @cum amazonian i got the entire lobby to report you. lmfao where have you been. til what skibidi toilet is. i hate their fans kek. and their fatass head of security. i just hate their head coach. i wonder if their subreddit is private rn. fuck the eagles trash ass. They shck. 1-6 after the niners loss. Wild how fast this eagles team fell. Better than hurts i guess. Who is even on the bucs lmfao. Just gaping black holes. I enjoyed the first 2 episodes, but the animation for the wounds were weird for me. Follows up with a few of the other characters too. The after story is basically the mc life afterwards. Dak and hurts have a zac gallen off im crying. The first two ep r alright. The manhwa good. and tell me if its overhyped. you can watch it. or. that series has so much hype. is solo levelling good ?. whats the after story. im watching rn. Time to watch?. I just finished reading the after story for solo leveling. yea 2 ep out alr. I knew it was coming out but didn’t realize it was now. What the. @cum pedophile solo leveling anime is out. my game crashed. Curry is what??. wait what happened. 8 hours is crazy edging. 8 hours. we're past that. i derno i thought u'd be gooning. we already ate. it;s 10 my brother. what happened to dinner with the homie. drop the code bro. let me in on this. are we adding that one to the "new moons" profile. ShipLoot by tinyhoot. is it the "new moons" one. yea thats fine. aight just the new moons mod then. what mods. are we playing modded?. im ready. get on then you coward. Dude is empty head. Nothing. what was he thinking. the pick six at the end of the first half. holy shit i love this image. numbers inflated from when turner castellanos and harper were going nuclear. era in the low 3s in postseason. outside of the nlcs his numbers arent that bad. Bruh why you hate gallen so much. I had to double check to see if thats a parody account or not. Wtf dak just threw the ugliest ball ever holy shit. The zac gallen of the nfl. And is worse in every fucking statistical category. Dude made second team all pro over purdy. Prescott sucks ass man. Stroud and love are both crazy holy shit. me without fire. this you?. Should we meet up? How’s this going to work. @cum jester @cum queen @cum pedophile ill leave the house at 12. that is all. ah to study. he gonna sit back and watch. I don’t think I will be golfing but I’ll still go. No all star appearance is criminal. And hes young. Hes been good for 3 years tho. With the weird stuffs. New patch. Yea i was watching a bit this morning. balanced enough for competitive play i guess. its been out for 2days. wait lec is playing on season 14 wtf. webb only been good for 3 years?. like the mega aces like cole have been good for years. i feel like hes not talked about that much cause he hasnt been good that long. yes i am free to come. Put me down as a yes, for now. idk noon to afternoon time. What time to what time?. except harry. I should be available. literally no one said an answer. why dont you answer the question yourself. That’s sounds like a yes to me. i cant type. i work sunday night . @cum jester @cum queen @cum pedophile @cum herald i will be visiting ty in sj on sunday and you are all welcome to cum golf with us. Just fucking stand in there like a stick. Im a 2019 cody bellinger batting stance fan. thats not that bad is it?. he got the torque. Penas stance too but hes ass. How is that mf good?. U see devers fucking batting stance?. Theyre signing him as a starter. Is this the flamethrower dude. I always thought he was like a closer or something. Impeccable work. LMAO thanks anyways . @cum peasant wait I fucking forgot to say happy birthday. why is blud on cs. thats not the only thing massive. massive news. please. you can play it in discord call. @cum lord catan is a discord activity. i was making the dinner to eat. no i was not. were you sleeping just now. just eat while playing. eat. i have to ear. this ^. @cum jester @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum queen we play now. Cause he knew I was going to play with him already. Oh so you’re playing with your other hoes. Cause he knew I was playing already. im kidding cum king don't execute me. can't play. what did you just say to me?. @cum jester @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier lethal tonight? . Got whole ass freeways in davis. This the bike lane in irvine. Its either shaq or zion lmao. I havent watched sas in a little while. funny as fuck. i just saw the tweet. Who is he talking about zion?. ur not worth for the taste. The crew has the new hype item some honey comb drink, but it’s not worth for the taste apparently. why did they reduce ap item costs. that shit was mad ass. i was chill with the crew till i got their black bean noodles. yea these new items are fucking horseshit. what are these new items. i hated how we went every other week lul. i didnt even hate on it that much. More like the doodoo. The crew. i never spoke ill of that place. yall are the haters. the crew looks like they got better. I just won a catan game cus everyone left. ok i just finished eating. @cum king im ready. Top100 california. let me play this apex event real quick. rly wish he signed with us. i guess im really high on him. in the rotation. this youtuber im watching think hes a 3, comfortably 4. @cum queen fight the elder????. they need to trade and extend burnes. @cum king imanaga to the cubs. I thought he has the LeMeat in his hand. who can blame him. Not my goat. LOL Ayesha just leaking that Steph liked feet. Heavy favorites to not a finalist. I mean we need them if we can’t find a troll. so we made the bronze pickaxes for no reason. @cum queen you can kite trolls through copper deposits and he will mine it for you. aight im ready to agme. zoom call therapy sessions. i also wonder if the dude actually did therapy or not. permanent suspension and he becomes a full time podcaster. i wonder what happens if he punches someone again lol. even when hes suspended hes the most entertaining player. the entertainment value is through the roof. this shit is a soap opera. i just seen this shit. lmfao why you send it if you didnt even understand it. it means new opp pack in the air is gas. what does the second tweet even mean. ayyy im down to play valORANT. washingtons qb cannot throw for shit if he gets pressured just a little my god. kinda crazy both harbaughs are coached their teams to 1st seed. looks p minor, just update to daily/weekly challenge moons or something and modifications to monster ai. There’s new updates to lethal . Same with his fip. I take the under and say hes era around 3. I mean the dude was basically juan soto with a glove in kbo. I’ll take that for rookie year. i guess hes a good defender too?. wow 116 wrc+ is way higher than i would expect. I think fangraphs has him a bit higher than i do. 100ops+. I think first year prob hovering around 250/330/400. do you think lee will be good tho. Srsly tho i think imanaga will only be a bit worse than senga. i hope hes a shit pitcher but still hits well. Every start 4 innings limit. honestly i hope so. Pitching. Ohtani gonna be a bum when hes pirching again. And yamamoto prob a litter better than senga. Maybe a little worse. I think yamamoto will be better tham both but i wouldnt be surprised if imamoto puts similar numbers to semga. senga was really good. thats a bold ass claim. I think he will be good like senga. do you think druski even knows who bumgarner is. im just happy the giants are doing something. even tho theres a very real chance that imanaga and lee turn out to be mid. i wonder who is first?????. webb is a kings fan too. That dude is weird. Webb responded. Ship this dude to las vegas. Cringe players. This dude just wanna ride to an easy ring. This shit too funny. Bro they deferred 8.5 million $ over 9 years. yea he is. who looks insane. off topic but how insane is it that the pakers went from farve to rodgers to now jordan love. eagles have the best o-line, top 3 recieving group, traded for a good running back and hurts best asset is his team pushing his ass. theyre bad. eagles werent winning shit even if he was healthy. Bro every major leaguers high school stats are nuts. Fuck those necks. Fuck those boars. Fuck those skeletons. Fuck those greydwarfs. Fuck those trolls. Lets fucking go. also ive been told there are admin commands we can use to retrieve our loot. we can just do a weekday sometime. but its up to you guys. i can wear a mask. and you want to go. bro the line was so faint. should've contracted it earlier smh. what the fuck. its just me now. idk what to say. i tested positive today. no way you are still positive. @cum queen can we go golfing pwease. had over 20 more card production than me at second. and his numbers kept hitting and he just won lmfao. the guy left the game instantly and the bot took over. i just lot to a bot in catan. oh yea kind of a bad throw. gotta catch those lol. ima rewatch it. it was behind him. was it that bad?. shouldve caught it but its a bad throw too. all good tho i wanted the texans to win lol. that shit was in his hands. yea thats gonna haunt him for the rest of his life. i forget what it was. apparently that dude only had like 7 receptions all year. is gonna be thinking about that shit forever. u can usually get free fruits if you're willing to ask. Is there in game trading. Gonna grind to be the next godly crew. I can literally buy a max venom account for $20. Dam so u lose nothing for dying. players just get some of that amount. Just a bounty. well it's not part of my net worth. Do u lose that portion?. so pvp was disabled then. So if he kills u instead , he gets a small portion of ur bounty. nah he prob died fighting raid boss. and he woulda smoked my ass anyways lmfao. but he was invuln. lmaoo i was tryna kill this guy with 3 mil bounty on him. While ur fighting boss is pvp turned off. enough to contribute small dmg lmao. But ur strong enough to kill him?. ppl team up on him for the loot. nah he's a world boss. Wtf ur that strong ?. but he despawned. that guy was lv750. bro i was fighting whitebeard. Wonder if anyone found the treasure. yea there are crews. This game literally one piece. Did u guys make a crew together. or if you can rng from a dealer. idek what shop it's from. nah chance is really low. Can u just straight up buy the venom. That shit op i heard. Light was A tier but dark is S tier on that list. That u rolled for him lol. stupid bitch. Wait for the op fruit. and he dont even like the one he has now. rolled kenny a good ass fruit and this dumb whore rerolls. but again that's rng. there's certain shops that have fruits in stock. but you can also rng from a dealer. magma fruit bussin bussin. Oh wtf u dont get to choose what fruit to buy?. right he found it on the floor. and dropped it. he literally ran up to me. nah some dude gave that shit to me. From what. Wait did u buy it or like find it. why the mouth look like two pringles. the guy is racist or smth. this is how i watch yan. i almost have my fourth ability unlocked for sand fruit. thats how i watch you shower. i literally just said i wasnt complaining. mourn/sympathize. i should be the one complaining. why would you be complaining. but ppl can mourn regardless. i thought those were joints, but no theyre nut sacs. yea it's hypocritical asf. and i destroyed your rectal walls but you dont hear me complainin. fair, but at the same time u.s. has destroyed their country. you know, maybe some grudges are worth holding. i think the reason this incident stands out to Americans is because there hasn't been many acts of the big terrorism. hope you feel the same when i tell you what ive done to you in your sleep. it's not a grudge. my discord sub is expiring soon sry for emote spam. im just saying its probably unhealthy to hold onto a grudge for so long. no but i've consumed ur hot dog behind a 7/11. you have never consumed a 7/11 hot dog. so youre saying you want to forget 9/11?. @cum pedophile do you agree with this. nothing i can do about it. im a slow typer. wtf takes so long. just type what youre gonna say. also its so annoying watching you type for 15 seconds. youre so full of shit. just came back. @cum pedophile ok im headed out now. thats totes relatable. omg unexpected whole foods date?. wtf im at whole foods too. now that is a bruh moment. im in my room. im eating rn. @cum pedophile im at whole foods wya. Nah just a bit of their bounty. So theirs resets to 0? Or u just get the money. U get the persons entire bounty when u kill them ?. gonna do this to harry next time he naps at kenny's. 1/1 since semen gaming name change. Insane mechanics player. but the yi really ate every piece of dmg available. yea he was pretty good. And his little ball did 2/3 of my hp. Face checked that bush and got absolutely one shot. The ekko was scary af , did u see him blow up that yi. maybe hes just that op. How r sions beating vayne in lane. that sion carry. I can only play 1 tho. 512 bounty. I thought thats ur fruit transformation. thats just my backpack LOL. U got the dog fruit or something ?. yea thats me. Is that u?. Is that blox fruit. Natalie Portman is absurdly attractive on the Thor movie. The next cloud9. discord.gg/seamenesports. seamenstruation doesnt work either. it fits tho. can i be semenstruation. you dont even have to change it. african is not a valid name. invalid means that its triggering some sort of censorship. itll say if its too long. will it tell me if the name is too long. i changed trexxon with no issue. both. or without?. with the line?. it doesnt work for me either. wait im confused. i dont want a stupid ass accent in my name. whats so bad about smn africanking. BRO IT STILL DONT WORK. with the | too cringe. I changed my wildrift too. my names are too long. nvm ansel already said it. without accent. i cant change my name to smn jester. it's the smn for sure dawg. why did it allow the original account naems. with the wavy line. which accent. i changed the n to the accent. its the frican. abbreviated as suck my nuts. yea something with smn. wtf is this. SMN African is also not allowed. ok what part of 'SMN AfricanKing' is triggering the censor. when was this an emoji lol. bruh its 1 character too long. SMN African King. New brawlstars ign to rep seamen gang. Idk its just weird seeing garen in pro play so often when hes never touched in pc , but i guess different games. Some play garen support. Makes me wanna try the na 3 tanks senna seraphinr bot lane. The same team picks the same comp too lol. Its literally 4 tanks varus vs 4 tanks ori/ziggs everygame in this one bo5. Literally never pick adc in any of their bo5 games. Some teams never play and adc and just use apc. They play garen mid. what do they run. At least. The asian tournaments. Comp wildrift comps r so weird. later tonight. @Deleted User championship challenge. nope nvm i take that back. sounds good. i will send as i find out. ok well you have some days to get through that process. typing out my thought process so i can get to what i do want to eat. mmm ideally no human feces cuz it probably doesnt taste that good. mmmm ideally no fried chicken cuz we recently had some. how about you give an idea of where to eat. @cum pedophile i see you online fucker. no bob is replacing the queen. kevin is mourning. wait no thats kevin. no the queen died. that it wont matter what they want. she fuckin dead. just to rub it in. no we can hear the other options. its too late. wait but let's hear our other options. 3 votes of 5. LET's OOOOO. not chinese. @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum queen @cum herald so yall got any preferences for food on tuesday?. We just need yan or ansel to trio q to challenger. Brawlstars mechanics superior. And kata was giga busted that time too. they got the mobile legends mechanics. He was plat at the time. That was when i was queuing with my grandmaster friend. Its scary. they are monsters. yeah ive played against some players that reached challenger. He ran me the fuck down with kata in 2 games. When i was gold and that was high rank cus ranked just released. I remember i played vs the #9 guy before a couple times when the game first came out. scared of people seeing that they matchfix. all the top players hide their match history. The #1 lucian player has 80% wr in challenger. And its not even like maplestory where ur skills r cool looking when u grind. Runescape is so grindy. wonder if theres a starting guide. for not knowing the optimal farming strats. nah ima get roasted by kids. Can make a series lvl1 - max on blox fruit. how much. actually?. I wonder what tje leaderboard bounty is. Is it the same as regular. Also ur character in blox fruit. like if he fucks it up his life is voer. hes so stressed too. Proud of him. they really wanted to catch him slippin. he just has to spell it. why does he even need to say it. can you say the word loudly for the judges. Ask him to repeat it. Why the judges. the relief on his face when he audience starts applauding. what a legend. he fuckin guessed it. The negus ruled ethiopia. i have seen this. i dont think ive seen that. wait what. I still remember that ine vid of the n word one. how does that help you huh. and then some kid gets it by asking for the origin. they pull some words that no one has used in the last century. Sectionals regionals and nationals spelling bee. Theres prob a college one. ima enter a spelling bee. yup i got it right. is that how you spell it?. wild rift is a smartphone carcinogen. probably just took a year off my phones. yeah that too. yeah my phone lw overheating. damn we are hardcore gaming rn wtf. jojo looked so defeated at the end. holy that 100t game. oh im so sorry i dint see this. @cum king stream stream. Every field goal masters. That boy gonna ruin your mental health. No way you included Jake moody. my mental health depends on you @brock purdy @kyle shannahan @cmc @bosa @armstead @george kittle @deebo @aiyuk @jake moody. where u at. LMFAO no way your computer is 9 years old. its on like patch 5.4 tho. have it. i thought he was gonna be out for longer. also haliburton back lets go. @cum king wildrift?. How about now. i was asking if u wanted to come :(. aight. bruh why is it always my call. @cum king golf?. Are we golfing tomorrow?. happy chinese new year. Happy Chinese new year. happy chinese new year my commies. Happy chinese new year my commies. that only enhanced her depth. like if she turned out to be a nazi or sum shit. theres only one way they could ruin her character. yes it is. your favorite the boys character. That's kenny after hearing bank robbery. is that. my favorite the boys character. The PEAK. is that. I’m heading home now. We robbing a bank??. how much worse could 1 be. im used to having 2 arms. i would like to fumble. but i think it'd be more fun if you're fumbling with all of us. One armed robber is a virus I uploaded onto steam and you just fell for it. we can have a lil date to get u familiarized if u want. @cum king @cum jester was I baited?. its lunar new years eve thats right. probably for lny?. kenny might be out. Life changing event. ur mom's mom's house. and it's for the worse. Ur mums house. where you guys at. where kenny at. its downloaded. one armed robber. play what>?. @cum jester @cum queen any one armed gamers in the chat. I got baited. @cum king holy shit lmfao. After this aram. Sure prob only 1. giannis really called out the equipment manager when his brother is a g leaguer on a contending team. hes a nepo baby. bro aint even getting close to killing any of them though lol. holy shit. 11 seconds ain’t shit. Why the bucks use a roster spot on this man is baffling. I just realized the nfl award thing is in vegas lmao. giants shjould sign him 2 year deal. shits tough. insane pitcher and gets a season ending injury in contract year. think so. eating donuts all day. homer a right fatass. but they dont really show him eat that much on the show. honestly. purdy next. if this is real , tj watt got fucking robbed holy shit. Maui beating up the sun. I don’t really remember lmfao. Yea she returned some gem thingy and saved the world. All i know is the rock in it. Idk never watched it. Did moana 1 have a complete story?. What the movie even gonna be about. bro was thangin that thang. bro was hung yeah. Ya that shit like a big ass gummy worm. is he hung. yall see the drake leak today. Yooo piss water. How tf is it guide to the superbowl and then he talk about cowboys. the dallas section is pretty good. did u watch haters guide to the superbowl. Totally forgot about that. couldve had that bucks series. Especially cus kd has been so bad post warriors. Curry getting a ring after kd left was bad for for legacy. Mid tier hating ngl doesnt compare to u. I watched it. I ain’t watchin all that. Wtf 1 hour. lick that pussy just like u should. i used to take a spoon and lick it good. or maybe it was the trauma of my parents shoving a spoon into my mouth. thick sludge coating the inside of my throat with a fiery passion. that shiii was SPICYYYY. what does it not taste good to u guys. you didnt willingly drink it?. no i just drank it willingly cuz it tasted good LOL. have your parents ever shove that down your throat?. oompa loompa very hot. yea it was enjoyable movie. best tasting "medicine". ill be bacl. where were you. Bruh accidentally joined, y’all were on max volume and Kenny just dropped the f bomb. so you can get me a job in the future. what are we even friends for. price of admission is free liftetime prie. ofc. was i evevn invited in the first place lmao what is this comment. Home theater. youre no longer invited. thought yall meant theaters. Just start without me. I will be late. @cum jester @cum pedophile gonna wash my face and then ill be o. aight ima eat soon. what are they doing. this botlane man. @cum king few games?. K prolly watch around 8-9ish. "if u ever look at google maps and it says the drive is 8 mins but walk is 15 min, just walk. google doesnt take into account that i walk fast". there was this one video of him saying. he says the funniest shit. I’ll try to make it. But there’s a family dinner and idk how long it’s going to last. This was his pregame speech to the team. Shouldve kept him, no one wiser than kapler. @ me when u start :o. nah she not invited. ask her what. Okay I’ll ask her then. she dont know me. im ok with that. I’m telling her that. ur moms house. Wait where. With the guy from dune. Is it that one. ask a yes or no question and i get timothee chalamet. Timothee chalemet. you want me to run it?. Giannis must be sick of him already. fucking flash followed. he ulted at me. this voli was on my ass. triforce ibg build. literally 1 e forward from him there draven dies. draven walked away with like 50 hp. i almost got through a 2v1 and killed the draven but ez never walked up. dude walked into a 3 man invade. ezreal was negative gaming. ill tell you that rn. cant win with these cats. what the fuck. these some dogs. then i went up to wave, lee sin q'd in at me out of vision and shen ult'd him. there was this one play where the shen was in lane. o then i wasnt paying attention LOL. you abandoned it. i cant kill it without minions. the one in the base?. what. @cum lord why are you not taking that mid tower. might go hull breaker this game. it doesnt show up sometimes. yea its weird. i dont even see team chat anymore. wouldve talked shit to that draven. It's too entertaining. ACCEPT THE INVITE. cant vc tho. sure a few. 100t tied for second. aatrox mid new meta? time to test this out in wildrift. c9 from 3-0 and ending the first round robin 3-4. I remember seeing a league post in nbacirclejerk. Honestly I wonder about the overlap between nfl and lcs fans. Sion mid again lets go. kelcie going off for 5 receptions for 200 yards 3 td's if the niners do this. like someone said in the comments. my auto drafted roster aint even that bad. i dont think i drafted a pitcher until i locked all my of, 2ndd ,3rd, ss, and util players slots. i mean my first team is basically all hitters. Boom twins hire you. You can definitively say hitters are better than pitchers or vice versa. Whichever team outperforms. Draft another team only hitters. You know what you should do. lets see in the morning who i got. let the bot draft my line up. ima draft my pitchers and leave. Caught stealing should be -1. fuck it same one but all pitchers. should i do a different league. alright im joining another draft and building the greatest rotation ever. yea the default setting are shit. Fantasy does not give a shit about defense. Wait no lost points for errors. na but stolen bases gotta be at least 2. He’s gonna be a maxed out 2k player. he building muscle. You don’t think he already did?. i like caroll i think hes gonna breakout. yea i think he went second round in this draft. Well he won’t be this year tho. And every other day he’s dh points. Cause he gets starting pitcher points. Even then he’s op. at least im pretty sure thats how it works. lmfao he’s a cheat code. crying. so if he pitches that day, u can either put him as pitcher or batter. ohtani u can only play him 1 position at a time. sort by projected or last year. u can see their points from last year yea. Is that a thing. Can you see who was most valuable last year. kinda wanna just do another draft. Pitchers have a lot of points to lose damn. snell is so bad here. -1 for a hit tho. hes a horse. You’re fucking cooked my guy. 3 per innings pitched. yea its over. What is the point system. I think they have him like 690 ops. Espn fantasy projections hate jungholee. Pretty slim pool of second basemen that can hit. Best second base. Damn projections really like albies. My season lives and dies by bounce back years from rodon and trout. No way they pay him that much to be a set up. I think hader. Will hader be Astros closer. Idk i got him cus he has good utility. Idk how scoring works. I offered him and hader for senga and jung ho lee. aaron's only available on the week of the 28th, and top golf tuesday. did something come up for u. is it possible to still change the date?. wait did we confirm 28th already. yea i think i can. @Deleted User 28th not the 21st. yea this is correct mb. 21st right?. idk if i start work yet that day soooooooo. dont want to stay out too late tho, cuz i have work in the morning following day. thought it was 3/28. wait next tuesday?. @Deleted User answer the ping fuckers. i wanna make sure that works for everyone. gonna try to make a reservation so we dont have to use the waitlist thing. @Deleted User what time topgolf next tuedsay. thanks bebe. also hope you're doing good honey. i cannot take this. this team does not have the drive to win the world baseball classic. yan needs a booster seat anyways. we can fit. good luck with asmts babe. Prolly won’t be playing for a bit. @cum herald ok hi. if not we can wait til we have aaron. rn?. rn?. zarya main on the other team >:(. zarya main on our team :). Should work for me too. Its in sj right. Ill prob be free. What tine. team usa needs to train vs the best team in the world. Wtf why did they even play lmfao. also i think it's death match or something. the sound design goes hard tho. i barely watched a stream lmao. is this an apex rip off. Son of uhtred. Idek if that’s how you spell it. Uhtred returns. Hw and shit sry. That’s a professional baseball first baseman right there. got cock blocked. i almost had my first yakuman this morning. i had first place too and the fucker yakuman. 4th got double ron'd on. @cum king wanna play wildrift. So fucking cursed. And another fucker tsumo. And next hand im 1 aaay from all pairs. I didnt get it i couldve ron’d without the yakuman 3 different times but i skipped. what the fuck is this. @cum herald let me in. u wanna join me in fishing LOL. apparently the update added 300 new items. no ymdk is playing terraria for the first time. are u just on terraria to make that. u can teleport to oceans hell or home. ITS THE SHELLPHONE. theres a better cellphone now. bro there was a sept 2022 update. yea last summer i think. last summer right?. when did we do the last terraria run. The dude wearing both. the red vs blue jerseys . so it's all mine. also very conveniently i bought a bottle of soju. @cum herald GET ON. Getting on. they said drink at 10. Unless y’all are drinking. @cum queen @cum jester @cum herald I can play now. tonight?. perfect i lay in bed. i thought i was going home but im at a chinese dessert cafe lmao. ill be laying in bed lul. @ me when we have the squad. rdy whenever. @cum king @cum queen @cum herald we gaming gamers. Remind me to bring it for you next time we hangout. @cum pedophile can I use your stole. if i'm close to a winning hand i play for it. i play to win. 6 tiles from tenpai and dealer is on riichi? i aint folding fuck that. i usually dont fold my hands, i just try to win no matter what. my deal in rate used to be 10%. we play tmr lul. o. new jhope and jcole song is nice. this is 3am history channel facts. we play tomorrow. gym more important anyways. i wasnt expecting to play tbh. @cum lord i went into negative two games in a row. Didn’t realize you had to sleep early. @cum jester @cum queen we can play tmr then sorry. i was planning to sleep early cause i got work at 8. why so late. when later?. @cum queen ow? a bit later?. kill hecarim. league x eric andre show. this content was so made for me man. wait this one is better. hit a guy with a 24000 hand, then the same guy got ron'd on. 2 round game lmfao. Mahjong Soul Game Log:. But something just feels off, or maybe that’s just Eric Andre vibes. Immediately felt the Eric Andre. I watched the Vulcan one. Markz entering his Eric Andre phase. one day we will pog out of our gourd with a yakuman. Either that or theyre just trolling. they probably each had a pair. They were holding. yea it's just doomed. The entire fucking game. And no one dropped it. But i had the white and red on 2 for so long. i'd be tilted after that one. I didnt win any of them. Like look at this hand i had earlier. it hits so hard. but when the dopamine hits. i hate this game. And still dont win. Espexially if its like after 20 draws. and dont win. When ur the first to riichi. Its so sad. then people started declaring riichi right after me. If i were the first person to riichi. yea as soon as the 4th person declares riichi. i didn't know that until it happened lmao. Instantly?. Wait rly. naw it ends the round as a draw. Mustve been hella fast once everyone declared. Everyone on autoplay. i have and it was sad. u ever have a 4 person riichi draw. The east4 triple riichi all within 3k points. three people riichi :O. it's just that simple. had good draws and filled some holes, did think id need it. after discardig the 9 earlier. love to see it. and i won. this guy first round took 18000 from me. for the tsumo. drew a 9 of characters on a furiten. we're winning again. that's a lot of words. hes crying. we take those. i got second that game without winning a round LMAO. naw some people won but like. every time. it went to draw?. last game i played i only gained points from having ready hands. we take those. and i jumped to second. ok well the first place guy fucked the second place guy. i get another chance. right lmao. wahtever that means lmfao. Fu is the value of melds, waits and "going out". not sure what fu is tbh. or whatever. what is fu. oh forgot to account for riichi. wait how much is pure sequence worth again. what is this like. fucking bitches. holy shit i won. my bad luck started there. it all started when the dude got a tsumo yakuman to steal 1st from me. on round 5. 4 doras and 1 red 5. our beginner's luck has run out. actually so cursed now. with like 30 draws left. this morning i was waiting on 12 tiles riichi. feels so fucking bad. just to lose to someone who riichis 20 rounds after me. i get so many winning hands. ive been so unlucky these 2 days. u gotta be shitting me. round fucking 5. and this dude rons it with 5 doras and i get -18000. round 5 drop a 1 of character. what's wrong. it's so crazy how people just settle with 1000 hands. bro i haven't been able to get a winning hand. im so mentally boomed rn. and dont win. waiting onn 4+ tiles. where im first to riichi. ive had so many games. yesterday and today. still not last tho. and the game wouldn't end. people other than me got so fucking lucky this game. On the losing side of both. They even own the #1 and #2 fastest lcs finals sweeps too. 100t breaking lcs records love to see it. Fastest game and baron of the split. This what you get for ignoring my @. 17min 10k gold lead and soul point. I am not home. This is a gm player. All that matters. so nothing of importance was lost. i still have my pad acc. @cum lord trynna play some wr. or give him testicular torsion. why didn't DIO smash Josuke's balls while time was stopped?. Then my opponent gets fed off my team. I have not lost lane a single time. My recent games have been crazy. They usually go crazy. The vaynes i play vs are smurfs too. So that I don’t have to see my team turbo sprint it. Not even so I don’t have to play against them. Dude I wish I could ban more champs in wild rift. This mf used all his luck for the entire century. And he pulls that bullshit. I won 4 in a row on double east chair. i was not aware that was part of the movie. i'd rather just watch it at home. honestly wong's right about not wanting to see it in theaters. or does your arm still have a boo boo. @cum queen we throwing on friday. ok but i think the guy in the vid was referring to east asians. My new favorite word lately. Inshalla. Id like to think im arabic. also yan is part indian. this is true. So we arent all asian. True ur canadian too right. kenny and aaron are white. yan wants to be the only black one here. tbf we all said that but yans way of putting it was the funniest. but you missed when yan said "if ansel were black we wouldnt be friends". Started with sinatraa. Fr the valorant accent is so funny. that is the longest tiktok ive ever watched. we all do SA on each other we're different. and what he would do if there was a boss baby. we were talking about boss baby bc of yan's line of work. Boss baby???. I forget what the yellow one is , but the other is their seasonal brazillian limeade. Call up rookies randomly hoping one pops off. This is what u call desperation. Dont they have another rookie cf playing rn. @cum herald. using proximity chat. I live on || ||. now it's mirrored over the x axis. It’s out of order. You ruined it. Just send your address here bro. Just send your address here bro. Ill text u my address when the time comes. Whats ur PayPal and how much. @cum herald when r u coming down to irvine lol. we can even do friday evening . We can coordinate based on that. i'm mostly free on the weekends. whenever you're free babe. @cum jester when would you like yours?. @cum lord harry will bring down your keeb if that’s ok. can we be coworkers. @cum queen can we be coworkers. So learning this first then also gotta do java later. and memory allocation. gotta learn pointers n shit. I heard its harder than java. Just preparing. So idk what course. In the winter or spring. Program director said there will be a course taught in cpp. i know it's for a course but which. what are u learning cpp for. if its just practicing concepts. so thats freshest in my mind. like my senior design was react native and reactjs. depedns on what im doing. What language do u normally code in. I hop in a little bit. Not entirely sure what the dsym file is. If it runs okay then you’re good. Just dw about the extra files lmao. But that was years ago. I think I used eclipse. my class used intellij. what do u write it in then. Tbh I’ve never actually written c++ code in vscode. and reopen. i just close the whole app. as long as it's within the main project folder. u can also have subfolders for other functions. and yea. i kinda forgot how to close. also how tf do i close the project. so best practice is u name the folder ur project name. so if i create a new cpp file in c++ folder it wont have all that shit?. every new project. so every new cpp file i create will have all that stuff baggaged with it. but yes that's normal. the foldername c++ lol. oh it's in cpp folder i see. think so. its in a folder. i recommend putting ur shit in a folder tho lmao. if i want to remove that from sight i gotta delete everything. that's just the directory ur code is in. is it normal when u run c++ code that all this other stuff pops up @cum king. proud of you. wish u were here bb. @cum goodnight did the one biter. But fr, is the bun at serramonte flat?. We can FaceTime and pretend we’re at the same one. Heard Serramonte is better . is it time to drop the $15. guys new winston emote dropped. @Deleted User stonestown mickie d’s at 12?. IM HERE. omg i get to hang out with angel in this roblox sandbox. me when i play w/ harry. all egirl supports and the random 10kda 95wr draven. these L memes r so funny. angel ur such a fat ugly bitch uwu. hi angel @cum pedophile. Impersonating me?. @cum queen wanna go clubbing with us?. @Deleted User mcdonalds/any activity idk man date. i swear u mentioned something about an internship. do u have an internship coming up soon or am i tripping. the top answer was vince carter. off the top of my head. i didnt know a player that played for magic and nets. tbf tho. you gotta read the rules. i think you replied to the wrong msg lmao. so i put nets harden for all nba and it ate a guess. it asked for nets all nba and i assumed it was any time in their careers. i got 8/9 on the nba grid SADGE. Is he still alive. harry can third wheel. And if I do ship I will do it Monday. lmk when u wanna have a lil date night baby. I haven’t had time to set it up yet. Lmk the shipping situation and when i should pay. Gonna get that. Gmk serenity is nice. This one nice too but because it’s GMK it’s more “premium” and more “desirable”. Drops has these that are matcha like. And yes the are compatible. This will look fine I think. You can get a matching cable somewhere else is no biggie. Oh these are in stock!. How r their cables sold out. Their dusk one is pretty nice too, do u think it will fit the board? @cum swirls. The matcha one only has the japanese letterign one in stock. Lmk whats gonna happen with the keyboard stuff. Might just get the osumen matcha one. But those r also nice. The osumens r cute. + they are available. I think these would fit nicely. These are really cute. ansel's alright.. What brand sells sexy keycaps. just one of those days . nothing. If u cant, u can just hold onto it and I’ll pick it up whenever i come back. I might have a mule to bring it down I’ll lyk. ship it to you. Do what. Fuck it I’ll do it for you. U can ship to irvine right. they are colorful but with keycaps you wont see them anyway. halu halo switches. What switches. thanks for getting them off my hands. the board is around $400 but I got it for a steal. I'll bring the price down a little but I'm selling you some switches so $330?. that I do not have. cause you want keycaps that match the board. But not keycap. So i can buy the board and switches from u. Kk thnx. they are all modified and everything so ill mount them and send you a clip later. yea the other one might sound good with some switches i have. Dam sounds good. So this is the board I’m running rn. You think I like spending this money. It’s fucked. This is why i dont fuck with mechanical keyboards. It also depends on the board and the sounds it makes . What r good creamy ones. You just have to try some, customize some and figure out reference . Or thock. But some people like clack. Like ansel likes the creamy cum sound. It’s all preferences unfortunately. Those r the clicky things right. Wb switches. I can help you look for some if you’d like . I like keyboards with keycaps all same color. It’s just niche ones that are. Not really. R keycaps hard to get. I don’t have any keycaps that I want to sell rn except for the ones I have listed. How much for u to build the entire thing. This is what I had on it before. So u think white keycaps would look good. It’s VERY nice. It’s like soybean color. We can just do $175 I’ll get everything set for you. Wtf color is soya. RAMA = brand thermal + = model Soya = color of the board. o shit is he actually out. @cum queen how is clubbing bro. oh right. He’s clubbing bro. i think.... the mount is called RAMA Thermal + SOYA. Is the keyboard name rama thermal + soya or is it rama thermal and the soya is something else. The one with the lines on top is cool. Could u build the entire thing. @cum herald how was training sweetie . what's the estimate cost for switches + mount. I can just toss in some switches I have for you on top of the keyboard . Well good keycaps are around $75 or so. including the mount, prob 200-225. :0 whaddya recommend. I like creamy too so it’s configured for creamy . Do you want switches and keycaps?. And ofc friend prices . I have these available. idk the first thing about custom keyboards tbh. We got options. @cum swirls. how much. Want to buy a custom keyboard. Anyone here. Its good. They have a dish named after him too. So im at this sushi restaurant and apparently ohtani came here. nah but fr good for him. never heard of him. wowa good for him. our year?. wait is he successful mas l. idk what 24 golden is. but it's just overpriced shiiiiddd. makes ppl think they rich. called middle class tax. thats the point. pullin up in the rari. yan with the YSL and gucci. didnt rly think about it. also swipe with ur children money. complain to angel. idc about getting hurt myself. no i didnt wanna hurt others. i just didnt wanna be a safety hazard/liability. fake canadian. that being said no ice skating for me. i'm happy to do things as long as we're together. yan like i said earlier it's more of a joke inquiry. when watch barbie. also idk if i can sit through a 3hr again. weve been spoiled already. when we watch oppenheimer. whats up. Gotta reeatch it. i swear you showed this to me. Theyre funny. I love british ppl tho. isnt he that dude that trolled at the video game award. And it still feels weird to me. But it still doesmt sound like that dude. Ive heard his brother talk. Think so. they have an indian dude?. I know they have an indian dude. @cum king this guy cannot be real. I love them. Its so funny their accent. Ur actually real. But then u hear one in real life or like in a twitter space talking. i dont think ive ever spoken to a british person either. now that you mention it. 5 turned into 15. im down to play for a but. we playing???. but it might nuke your pc. @cum queen so is the moon mod good. Bruh that account is wild. What thr fuck. just gift every other player what they need. and then grief. im going to snipe you. i hate that game. Its fun. U should play. wait so what rank are you rn. 150 points is difference between rank 3000 and 100. Im 150 points away from top100 global. GreenBeanJP was not pleased. but congrats. i dont even know what that means. fucking sniped 3/5 victory point cards and won. thanks. yea but fully recover by tomorrow. I will make a full recovery and come back stronger than ever. Thank you my seamen. stop feeling sick . Np we can hangout nexttime. Idk if I can go tmr. So I’m feeling pretty sick rn. @cum herald happy birthday sir. im addicted to catan. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna come?. @cum king @cum jester so will it just be us 3 and cece?. Happy burthday. @cum herald happy birthday. happy birthday cum herald. ty my fellow seamen. hbd @cum herald. @cum king @cum amazonian not doug calling us on discord LMAO. @cum herald happy birthday my cum herald. Will take me 5-6 hrs if you’re ok with waiting for me. Yan wanna come ? @cum pedophile. that place is p good. we can wait on other ppl input. and he isnt available. kenny has the clubs. is the golf place indoors? . we tried it once and we thought its pretty good. i havent tried that place. might rain on friday. have u guys tried this place. u guys wanna grab food and do something?. but she has to come up with an activity idea. actually no cece needs to do something thats why. @cum lord when do you head back to irvine. With her nose. Chugging that shit. Holy fuck she’s a machine. not a single speck wasted. The technique. Merry Christmas friends. merry christmas <3333333 :3333 xDD. I never say it cuz it’s implied. Ty and turrets such an iconic duo. Perhaps because we get him killed by mines and turrets. he loves us. no way yall talking shit about my new buddy. maybe being a chef is your true calling. fuck this guy. Bro has NEVER said this to me. true that. game is so easy. merry chrismilk. no way yall chef showdowning. treasonists. why are there two cum trasonists. i wanted to stick my finger up ur pooner. And I kept trusting them... I got killed by people that I thought I could trust. for free he said. what the fuck. back shots?!?!. cum on back?. cum back?. why you calling me out like that. yan commits hatecrimes for fun. they didnt want to say it to your face. they hate you. s what im sayin. that'. if it was so nice why'd u leave early. @cum amazonian @cum peasant nice playing with guys!. as a result of collective gooning. cum family growing. friends im trapped. invite me whenever. if u r still companying lethally i will join later. dat is widaly the wrong channel. what we got. an hour is nothing my son. My b, and for that I’ll make it up and play an hour. I didn’t specify the time. I fricken hate when randoms on the street do that. Taking a video of the kids. And I’m going to do something that is legally frowned upon. Or else I’m going to show up at your daycare. That’s a lot of pressure. @cum pedophile better be on later. we're all eating dindin. but im eat dindin now. yea they are. You guys still playin. please. we're inviting you right now buddy. if u did u would have invited me. we just started this new sesh!. I AM ON. pls play. im so sorry. the way aaron never invites me . this ^^^. join these nuts to your forehead kiddo. actually dedge tired. could be 5. @cum king i might just chill for now tbh i got off work an hr ago. @cum herald do you want to play lethal comapny rn. ye ty updated me on dat. we are trying to get another player. yeah we hoppin on. inv whenever :p. i love this guy. lethal?. Na theaters. waiting for it to come out on myflixr or something. Im a ralph shopper now. my brother also said it was good lmao. tfw safeway shopper and not nugget market shopper. Can you pay for my ticket. if yall have time to watch it today 100% recommend. Family movie. Its really fun imo. that's some high praise. Most fun i had watching a movie in so long. it's wild seeing timothy chalamet as willy wonka. actually?. Good ass movie. My man is really on something rn. Most sane Antonio brown tweet. i thought he said that cause you told him haha. THAT'S WHAT I SAID. this guy knows. and that's a bout it. I have a lvl 150 Khali. are you a maplestory god . @cum genshinerhonkaier are you a maplestory god. Need soto on the giants. become korea. nah fuck that. giants 2 year plan: sign imanga montomery chapman trade extend alonso year2 sign soto to 700 million $ contract. hed definitely break the 30 hr in a season curse that the giants havent broken since bonds. Giants need him. Pete alonso hit for a .217 BA but has ops+ 122 thats some goat shit. I forget what it was lol. This one not loading. thats what im saying. why is he there. mookie was at the warriors game today. Bro came here to get a free personal meal , meet shoot with steph or someone and leave to la. the food wasnt good enough. 2 game catan winning streak. cant believe they let that run. What is this sound I’m hearing when I’m trying to sleep. A fucking owl has moved into my neighborhood I stg. for work. wowie what for. Even if they dont every japanese player will growup dodger fans now. im moving to austin in january. houston. who doxxin me for fun _. I feel like they can literally buy the NPB?. Their owners get hella rich. Ok so dodgers basically get hella media money from japan and shit from ohtani and yamamoto. korea now my favorite country. They got sick of watchign that shit growing up and said fuck it superteam. What happened to that haikyu underdog shit that we always see in anime. Holy fuck. Just fucking rename japan to dodgers triple A system. Still pissed about yanamoto. And some one else just ends up winning cus they cant see who has better board. Cus u have good placements. 3 ppl collectively decide to team up and rob from u. Game is so weird sometimes. Fuck them. Fuck them. you were playing the entire time. Fuck them. Those fuckers. If i play tmr lol. Just finished. where in Texas are you?. this ^^^^. @cum lord stream your gameplay. all 3 of them decided to gangbang chain rob me to death bcus they thought i was biggest threat but didnt realize red was close to winning after i tried to convince them and red won. im touching every high probability resource. @cum amazonian anyways get in here. holy shit. fuck the japanese. @everyone. holy shit. catan hates me. the japanese hate sf. Ill hangout with u guys another time. I dont think i can tonight . Wait you wanna come?. o. answer now. at around 6pm. @cum herald. My internet crashed. i never actually tried t lmfao. is it?. @cum jester why is throwing a cube of scrap so op lol. anything for op hammer item. By any means necessary. Idek what miner is. it was but it just took 10mins of hanging on a ladder. Light work tbh. @cum king @cum amazonian stupid fucking challenge. literally stuck. how the fuck do i dash into a fucking wall. this game sucks fucking chode. Ty for stream !. they lack sideline energy without him. eagles really miss big dom. genius play calling. and he throws into double coverage. 2 timeouts to get in fg range. what were they thinking with the deep pass tho. when you sleeping. we can play later tonight. the interception into 4 and out had me thinking they lost. it was insane and i watched all of it. @cum herald seahawks winning drive was nutty. but i am down to play. other ides can offer a lot more specific stuff but im assuming for your purposes you wont be doing anything too crazy. yea vscode is nice. I gotta learn dat shit before winter quarter. @cum king is therw a c++ and java ide u recommend. we still in champ select for arenas. i can play in like 10-15 min :0. @cum genshinerhonkaier do u wanna aram after my arena game. @cum pedophile don’t forget to venmo charge me ty. o. Between 11th and 12th irving. @cum herald @cum goodnight yummy yummy. Gonna get food around Irving and 9th. Cum jester’s phone is currently out of battery.. Are you guys still there or getting food? @cum jester. ty for da heads up. So I slept at 7am yesterday so imma def be late LMAO. im playing some arena rn but im down after :O. also that shit is fire. o apparently he's just here till he moves back to excel. and nuoc mam. The flavour of betel leaf is quite bitter and peppery – similar to rocket but much sharper and stronger. It also has that familiar 'leafy' taste that most other leaves have.. The betel, Piper betle, is a species of flowering plant in the pepper family Piperaceae, native to Southeast Asia. It is an evergreen, dioecious vine, with glossy heart-shaped leaves and white catkins. Betel plants are cultivated for their leaves which are most commonly used as flavoring in chewing areca nut.. ya beef wrapped in betel leaf. WHERE DOES IT SAY THAT. i think. WHY HE JUST JOIN. IS THIS HIM. not sure which park tho. get used to it. i read it as real muto LOL. or. his name is. should be 1 for u texan lass. big reccy. down for 11. we cna eat after. im down for 11. @Deleted User what time tmr. @cum pedophile is it right?. I have no idea if that’s correct. hall of fame. Its not axis right. Sexy. Somethingn like that. I think its about what if usa and friends didnt win. Man in the high castle. U know that show. ohtani may not be here doing what hes doing. if oppenheimer doesnt develop the atomic bomb. but like think abotu this. Wym for no reason?. for no reason. youre such a hater. I dont think hes gonna break 60. Honestly. don t you wanna see him set the AL record. if he has 62 hrs. Not gonna watch him go 0-2 with a walk. Or if he will. Idk what day ohtani is pitchibg. Heard mission impossible is good too. 3 hours of pure elation. 3 hours of joy. He was a berkeley professor. Goated movie. Oppenheimer the goat. why not both. U guys gonna watch oppenheimer or barbie. At some biotech company. say less im down. she up to my CAWK. what she up to. So we chilling. Cece moved up with me. @cum herald hey read my messages. I live in a 5b5b all by myself. Is it hotter in davis. High. or high 90. how hot. Not as crowded as 19th. Literally city full of boulevards. Is a 19th ave. Every street here. how hot. Its hot. bro this tells me nothing. bed full of nails. hows irvine. @cum lord heyyyyy. @cum herald collapse into my bed. @cum herald fuck you you dumb drunk bitch. wish harry talked to me like that. @cum herald hi. WHATS YA ETA WHATS YA ETA. thoughts and prayers. someone send me luck so i can pull this unit. lethe. @cum queen remember when I destroyed you in wordle. bye cum goodnight. wanna sit in call muted. he laying down. @cum herald. i want grape tea. fucking gotem. who's nick. @cum jester @cum herald @cum pedophile @cum queen is it cool if nick comes as well. @cum lord sunday?. IM ON. or what. is anyone caught up with jjk season 2 yet. i pley one. I was watching guardians of the galaxy with my dad. idk man i came then i came. ansel joining when aaron leaves. why dont we play group games on fridays/sarurdays. i just unsubbed to everything. PLATE UP!!. gorsh my internet poopy. catch sunday?. -Jungkook the loml. Down for sat or sun. which is what im saaayyyiiiinnn. hewwo im showering. sunright is mid. we should watch the fortnite movie. donowalled.. did u listen to the other songs too ansei. is there a fortnite movie. need a boy on my arm  . is what i'm gathering. english songs written for kpop groups suck ass. and you havent gone?????. wish i could haVe one. sunright is fire. ok i already like it better than the other 2 songs. is that what i sound like when im in the bathroom. shot on iphone 14 pro. o yea that was coming out. i am the guitar pick. too real. Bro hates us. idk what harry thinks. its honestly very fun. i only won with harry. yan did u try the arena game mode yet. my dad is mad at my mom bc she wont buy lotto tickets. i hate old asian men. THE GAME STIL WONT LET ME IN. @cum pedophile30 pulls for lethe and i only got 2 4* artifacts. Sunday should be ok. Will be busy this and next sat. @Deleted User catch saturday?. 1 of each can drop. weapon box and armor box. pitched drop. look at this dapper friend group. we all have around the same feet length. oh to make friends with a random dude on a bus holding a tiny green caterpillar. why did he grow a beard. when kenny sits next to me. So we started talkin to him while he held it. It literally Spider-Man dropped on this random guy on the bus. did u put it in ur mouth. There was this caterpillar on the bus. last night was a dream  . Wtf r/place is happening again?. Belinger had a good 2019 but dam i didnt realize how hard yelich was robbed of b2b. wish we saw this in theaters. r u back in sf yet. calm down Halu. Thank you. @cum king have a good moving out . says the person who aim trains for fun. @cum pedophile what does zjeof mean. 270 something. its okay ur pve warrior. its okay it's so tough . whats ur fastest unit . sitting on clilias methinks. on speed boots. i think i have an effectiveness penta. UR CRAZY. wait a PENTA ROLL. ur a hater bc u dont have it.. New layout is weird. but I still think it’s cool. Yea me too LMAO. i thought it was gonna be like. It a survival theme. there is no ohtani news today. they were playing it yday. @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum queen fortnite lego update out. @cum goodnight dont look at the pot i have 0 meso. where da frick do we go for the range. we're going to san leandro. i think im free sunday up til 4 . actually. im down but idk if its really my call lol. also kenny and kevin are having a date. might be a little late. Fuck them. Yea they suck cock. I thought all catchers were supposed to be good hitters. Posey warped my sense of hitting catchers. Should be yo momma. Unlucky. Should be available. then we got third partied. yea we smoked his ass. @Deleted User are we golfing again this weekend?????. Shit too black. Midnight. This super dark version of discord is too dark. fortnite tonight? @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum goodnight. i thought this was ohtani. you motherfucker. Bruh rly giants shouldve got him. the stove is simmering atm. unfortunately there is no new news. im here for my daily shohei ohtani update. IM HERE. @cum goodnight. i want to paly fortknife. @cum genshinerhonkaier i want to paly fortknife. its either sf or san francisco. for some reason i dont believe chicago has a chance. like its 650 million at either sf la chi or toronto. honestly. bro wtf is ohtani even thinking about. Didnt even know orange emote existed. Wait that’s a fucking orange lmfao. I love Logan Webb commander . All that just to exit in the division series again. 4 mvps and 3 in their prime ??. Him joining the dodgers is worse than durant to warriors. If he signs with the dodgers , national media better cook him like they did to durant. Didn’t know ohtani was such a diva. Nothing is happening bcus of him. He better sign today lol. Idec if he still signs with them. Give me more of this. I’m just refreshing the timeline rn. “Sir Ohtani was just seen entering a room with a grinning Farhan”. im gonna laught so hard. lmfao if he actually cost the dodgers ohtani. Reminds me of. look at this title. Hes a diamondback. ppl read into shit so much its insane. @cum lord im reading all this speculation from what dave roberts has said. wait i didnt even see cheddar/sour cream sun chips being that low on kevin's list. nah the cheddar sour cream ruffles disrespect in these lists is crazy. Only valid list tbh. sun chips that low is harsh. Ofc kev got all the healthy stuff at the bottom . Im goated holy. I check now and im on a 2 week winning streak. I havent checked my fantasy team in like 3 weeks. Basically confirmed at this point. wait u need to play fortnite to lv70 battle pass to get peter griffin. please rsvp. @cum queen @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier fortnite tonight?. this reminds me of that time i drank an expired slurp juice from Eminem in Fortnite. this reminds me of that time i took fitness advice from Jonesy from Fortnite. Too big of a target. i want fat peter. @cum queen are you gonna get the Peter griffin skin. i see his new tweet on my tl, click on it and its alr deleted . he tweets stuff and deletes them quite often. all the delusional giants fans under his tweets. how could he be wrong. bro is the asian expert. IM A JOSEPH KIM BELIEVER NOW. Might as well buy season tickets now. well she just lost all my trust. U can never trust the buzz tho. im putting all my eggs into the joseph kim basket. never said otherwise. its basically a done deal. Shes very reputable giants insider. I don’t know who susan slusser is but she better be telling the truth. Oh god please happen. cock purdy. REPLAY LAST YEARS SUPERBOWL. Hes back kill him. Eagles getting shit on so they send their qb to concussion protocol for their excuse. Defensive masterclass by both teams. imagine going to that game lmao. Was it a missed extra point or just 2 fg. Bro. thats cwayzee. it used to be legendary. Wait what . Dammm too easy go for 22. i just noticed cus i just submitted an assignment for that class and realized my score for that was not right. my groupmate forgot to add me on a gradescope submission for an assignment due 2 weeks ago. got twilight mark to 21. got my arcanes to 21. i was able to log on. yea 6 each. o wait i thought we had 6 people lmfao. 2 buckets is 30. @cum queen how much were ballz. It’s a scam. Don’t log on. BEEN STUCK SINCE LAST NIGHT. @cum goodnight @Morrison bruh LET ME IN. Oh hi nice to meet you as well. is this ur friend kevin. well im still out. sorry i was out. so what time. that should be good. otherwise id say like 1:30 or 2. Where are you guys planning to golf. I have errands to run at 9am, should be done by 12. so we can finalize our plans for tmr. What time boys. I will be able to go golfing. Makes Kenny look responsive. @cum pedophile pls respond man. So you’re coming golfing???. I am safe for now. its all good lol. nvm this shit confusing and i dont wanna think LMAO. worst case i just copy paste the code lmao. ya i think merging braches. then i dont rly have experience with that. unless you're talking about merging branches. o. ill try it. first u git commit -m "message on changes here". so push from sandbox to main, is same as pull from main to sandbox?. you're referring to push. to merge i usually just delete the whole repo because if u modified it in anyway before merging it's fucked. Does hali not play d?. Pacers 1st in offensive rating and 29th in defensive lmfao. Dude is gonna get first team allpro. Kk ill play around with it after class. My GitHub branching knowledge is rusty as hell. Maybe move to main and pull from sandbox?. I’m not entirely sure tbh. Is that a pull. And everything works i wanna move it to main. And i do my testing in sandbox. Like i have main branch and a sandbox branch. Pull or push?. What are you trying to do?. is it cus i dont have authority or something. Theres no merge. i cant find it in vscode. do u know how to merge branches in github. I own 70/73. there r probabliy 150 brawlers out. We need to get back on the grind. That’s it. @cum pedophile hope it's negative! :D !. @cum pedophile so are you gonna get tested. that's how they get the little girls. He looks pretty normal to me ngl. ofc he's done it. have you seen his smile. It’s not confirmed. If so he yucky yucky. Has he actually done the deed with underaged girls???. So you’re as good at making up bs excuses as Josh Giddey is at doing the naughty with underage girls. Oh that’s not good. I feel like it’s not that hard to get. I don’t even get the reference. Yan if making up excuses was liking underage girls. And that kid was in my class. Bruh literally came back to work and Tuesday morning a parent calls I’m saying their kid has covid. And are now using another phantom illness as an excuse. Fucked off to Reno for a week. No way you used that one cough as an excuse two weeks in a row. i am in tahoe for the weekend. im down but i have a dinner on saturday. @cum queen @cum jester @cum pedophile @cum herald any golfers on Saturday in the chat. league fucked. and trading for mike trout. or whatever the fuck that pitchers name is. they getting yamato too. Aight next time I’ll ask. i didnt know what to do for lunch. You want to go with me and my dad next time?. im at ur house wya. Nvm he asked for ur number. @cum king i told jordan chu ur discord. 17 bucks a steal. Holy fuck. THE SAME EXACT THING AS ME. i look over to what he did. bruh my coworker told me to do something, looked over it and said i did it wrong. aight im about to invite. aight we are about to finish our one run. you guys want to join my session when you guys are done?. rave with yo mama. I was at a rave. my game fucking crashed. whenever kenny's ready. @cum goodnight are u alive to lethal company :0. let me finish this val game. @cum queen @cum king @ me if u wanna play :3 i will be laying down (not napping). what the fuck its 9:30. i have urban thing tmr. You can ask her. are we inviting ms miller?. Otherwise catch is fine. But only if Kenny is cause it’s his clubs. I am down to diving range. or whateva. wait so are we catch. @Deleted User catch tmrw?. if i play im mute. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna lethal company when kenny's here. i can play one after i play this val match. @cum jester @cum queen would any1 like to game???. This mfer giddey. (when they're cheating). but we unmute in case we need to. we have proximity. why everyone mute in that game. lethal company. why everyone mute in there. CHEATER. @cum jester he dead LMFAO. @cum queen @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna lethal company. down after im done shower. sorry im busy playing warcraft rumble. anyone wanna play lethal company. oh i didnt know what 55b meant tbh. isnt it just the ah. is this your friend's?. im thinking about it ansel. im thinking about getting a 21* sos now. this game's ur bitch. fuck yea. fuck this game. How tf do u take them bitches off. I put it in that way. yes the pins should be at the top on a 2d plane. are the pins facing up or down for some reason LOL. i thought you meant. I put it on top. which way is up. you can use the orientation of the text on the switch to tell. Go on top or bottom. @cum jester do the metal pins. Had to do the dishes. Starting fr bow. Cause @cum jester ‘s keycaps were boutta fly off the keyboard. Switches first then the keycaps. Also make sure that the keycaps are down all the way. if they are just make them straight. make sure the pins arent bent. put em in the slots. The swithces right. hf mounting the switches. I got it. is coming out now. he @cum lord. i was finishing the perm. Do i ring the doorbell ?. @cum herald im here. at me when ur at the house and i’ll let him know. Im waiting for ur drink rn. hes also in the house. but i can tell linus to give it to u too. im prob not back for a bit longer @cum lord. ur gonna see me with my new perm LMAO. my hair just got microwaved. nah thats fine lol. Will u mind if the drink gets less cold or whatever. i should be done soonish i think. im at the korean salon rn still. Cus im at orobae rn. if lines too long don’t worry about bringing me anything tho lol. Hes 2/3 with a 2 run shot. U want a drink from 7 leaves?. omw to scoop up dog poop, put it in a paper bag, and set it on fire on your doorstep. 105 hargrove. @cum herald ill come around 345. The switches you still have to put in sorry I didn’t have time. food on me next time :. thank yo for being my mule. @cum herald. thats a double play. if he didnt touch it. @cum lord as long as hjelle isnt pitching im fine. Maybe the high 95-98s was just first inning adrenaline things. and all of a sudden he has a stretch of low 90s. kinda weird he hoverse around 95-97. That bum. Shouldve struckout the side. Down 1-2 and 2 straight borderline strikes called balls. Honestly schwarber got so lucky on his hit. Its all good. The giants signed a guy who in his last 44 plate appearances has a -62 ops+. @cum lord what do u go to school for. Kk ill come around that time. ill be home around like 330/4. @cum herald will u he home wednesday 230 ish?. Think so. I guess he didn’t even play for the giants. I think padres. I forget who he played for tbh. Did he play for the rangers?. I wanna put Bochy lol. kenny internship soon. idk who molly is but im addicted to her too. all of harry's friends are either weed addicted or alcohol addicted. interesting. he was doing shots at the back of the place harry works at now. linus is hot and sexy. winus winus winus. who's phil. ay wam ur cock in my mouf. no i hate phil. im playing genshin. sounds good. that way it'll be balanced. i'll take half a sip once wvery week. younger usually doted on. eldest usually neglected yes. 3 other children. they have. well the author needs to step up their stuff with the last 3 episodes then >:(. aur its based on a webtoon. no she turns out traumatized. omg is this oshi no ko lore . cuz she had to ask for the hot goss around school. bc it's probably been like a week or more since she got her booty pushed. at leasto. yea been a week since. and then she just looks okay bc it's been a while. out of who. suck the ocean. leaving the seeds of the future. she just drank the water, duh. At the end mask girl died and mom won?. what?. she blasted da car window. she swam out of the car. How tf did that help her. it's all bc kenny dude. she shot a gun underwater. Soo how did the mom survive the lake incident. there was no redemption. mask girl was never inherently evil. they didnt fit da vibe. for the most part. they still have to abide no?. it's the power of motherly love i'm tellin ya. so the fatties never initiated. bc they didnt want to go into solitary. if they added that at the end of ep4 that wouldve been lit. that was awesome. if they stopped the show after episode 4 i wouldn't be mad ngl . just round up to 6.9. their loss. korean police arent trigger happy like american police. they're cowards tho. im so livid tbh the police shoulda shot her the instant she held the shotgun up. christianity debuff. she traded. the power of motherly love and determination . got beat with a bag and pot and still stood. ran thru a forest. they were tanks. how tf did she live that long. bro cheated and stacked 10 armors. pretty mastercard thrifty. pretty thrifty. she literally shanked momi's mom, shot momi, and shot momi's gay lover. yea your body will have a fuckin hole. that was aaron. i mean that was an act right. not here for the devout religion arc. i relate heavily to incel weeb. i thought the last 3 were good but it was too feel-goody/slow revengey for me  but still good. then time skips went crazy. i think 4 first episodes were peak. so what'd we think ladies. bc the future isnt deterministic. it's supposed to be open ended. daaaamn girlies i'll neva forget the night i lost 2 grandmas and my mother . what a night to remember . she lost 2 grandmas and 1 mother. fr i woulda passed out after the jar hit tbh. they kinda durable. This tofu strw good. Is around 3-330 ok?. ya thats good too. @cum herald ill pick it up on wednesday if thats ok with u. if this bitch doesnt untie her. I dont think ill make it. And it broke when he kept trying. And he couldnt get it out either. Cus originally we called him cus the key was fucking stuck. It wasnt even me who broke it. And dude is drilling through the lock. I called 24hr lock out line. are you locked out?. Drip too hard dont stand too close you gonna fuck around and drown off this wave. omg shes Bald. definition of on sight. At 7leaves waiting for our order. thanks hillary. And its still packed. and it goes super late. Its 11pm in the middle of a hurricane. why are you eating at 10:40. ya its really popular. I had to irder takeout. @cum herald the tofu house is oacked. stop eating korean food. watch it tho. or she deafen bc my sink loud. what does this mean. @cum herald. Dam theyre open til 3. ill lyk what happens when we land in sna. I can bring u a 7leaves drink as thanks. I can come pick up the board after u get home. we arrive at 10pm to irvine sna @cum lord. lemme get the flight details real quick bc my friend bought my tickey. like around 9 i think. @cum herald when do u land on tuesday. and i somehow tsumo. there was only 1 six left and 20 tiles left when i riichi'd. yummers full flush. Im going to bed. Y’all really wanna watch rn?. return of the king. Sorry I was out. where is kum cing. what time for mask girl tonight fellas. thnx for the rundown. that's what we thought . i thought she died in the lake. ya the one with the shotgun. the dude she killed mom?. the mother chasing mask girl?. and the episode ends with mi-mo beating the shit out of her and an old lady (presumed to be the mother chasing mask girl) is in the camera frame. and she finds out her family is nice as frick. and then rumors spread again and mi-mo is LIVID. and then mi-mo tells her the secret "my mom is mask girl" but as friend is being scummy and scamming little kids she's like im friends with mask girl's daughter, don't fuck with me!. friend is like "omg my parents are so violent my dad is a raging alcoholic and beats my mother please open up to me mi-mo, we have so much in common, i hate my parents" but her parents are literally like so pure and kind. but this one girl is like,, a master gaslighter. but at this new school she finally makes friends with one girl. she transfers schools Hella with grandma and grandma is honestly tired of her. so mi-mo is like extra violent she's beatin kids up takin their lunch money. so rumors spread and people at her school are like omg ur mom is mask girl!??!!? murderer's daughter u must be fucked up in the head too etc etc. wearing bras and is just a Weirdo. and mi-mo is weird asf she's like roleplaying as mask girl when she's like 4-5 years old. and as mi-mo is growing up she finds out her mother is a murderer. and a few months/moments after mask girl turns herself in. so then she leaves her kid and grandma takes her in. so they did have sex. so yeah she was preggo and she had the kid and dropped left her with her mother. and fake girl is like: :O with who?!?! the guy u killed? and she's like ya ^_^ ima keep dis hoe. i think im pregnant :P. in the car ride with the dead body she was like. wtf she had a daughter?. we get a flashback to mo-mi dropping off her daughter and pingping at her mom's house. we have new character: mi-mo. thnx for the tldr. so is this like prison break now. and she's sentenced to life in prison. and then the episode ends with her getting put into jail bc she turned herself in. she puts everyone in the car and drives it into the lake. and then real mask girl is like nooo my only chingu  and then she's the only one left standing. fake girl somehow musters up strength to smash mom's head with a rock from behind. mom is chokin real mask girl out like she's about to die so tuff. they fight each other and fake girl gets BLASTED in the chest (rip aaron). she comes out honkin with the shotgun. she's cst. 4am our time = 6am her time. no way going to sleep before 6am?!?!???. i go sleep after warframe i have headache. dek if the last person was real. i think he instaed. o no i killed the teammate. this is a recent skin. mine is SO low. bc combat smg kick is too much ;-;. but it melts close. wait come back. bewstin. hewtin. my meows for help . any heavy ammo. idt they spawn there anymore do they. o we're in lobby. like 10 damage vs ur whole health bar from falling . JUST TAKE THE DAMAGE. there was a zip right there. but if u have a crown during a win, u get a crown victory royale :O. u get a crown from a win. wud recommend. portabunkers are op to hold. new best gun is mk. red dot isnt in the game anymore. cannon is alrite. and arcana. at the same time muh chuchu/lach symbol. i love the pqs being weekly. sorry was doing maple dalies. @cum goodnight. it was a collaborative effort. omg harry's in that. alcoholics anonymous. cockblock master. imagine never using github as a cs major. but pixelmon has more pokemon. cobblemon is a lot more polished. why is it too early to play cobblemon. there's oshi no ko. good anime hmmMmm. @cum king rate it!!!. have u guys seen cobblemon. they be furry. what about the red. its like oshawott is a child showing us his drawing. bc im good at it . support my most comfortable role. needa give him an afro. but what he ends up doing is invading their jungler and dying giving the adc free kills. he tries to play like a playmaker and leader. but this guy fucking SUCKS. at one point he said he wanted to be a professional league player. ive known this guy for years. see the what. "thanks for signing my yearbook, best wishes aaron wong". "meet me behind the auditorium xoxo". what is this. thank you thank you :D. grats on graduating angel. can i get a stweam. THANK YOUUUU. Didn’t expect so many stuffed toys. idk i saw her on front page tho lmfao. what the since when???. madison beer streams on twitch? _. i won thanks to your support. thanks boo. good luck in ur ranked game @cum pedophile. I miss dogging on everyone in basketball with my supreme dribbling and skills. Must’ve really missed that park. is that the park by monarch lane?. fr get that  . Oh yea. and then give him the bro hug. ill be watching that one too. I’m gonna take my pants off in front of Gary may. I’m in the 2 pm ceremony. Guys it was a mistake staying up till 6. watching the grad livestream and see this. no they're asleep bc they're weak. And y’all still up wtf. we need to stop sleeping when the suns coming up hm. no soundboards mobile. @cum king dont u have a graduation to go to. just been thinking all day. i didnt eat much today. thats hunger depression. rn i'm hungry more than anything. dont worry about me. you should write random thoughts. i check as i write which is a bad habit. when i depression write its just a run on sentence and random thoughts lol. thanks bruv. ur writing is so nicely formatted. i could write more if i put more effort in. o. nah just writing helps lol. we're here for you if you need anyone to talk to. Dark thoughts keep creeping into my restless mind. "I should kill myself." "I'm tired of living." "My life has no meaning, and it never will." Yet (for better or for worse), I am unable to take action, for the root of my no-holds-barred, non-stop and ruthless self-loathing and self-pity and my insecurities stem from my lack of action. They come. They go. They come. They go. They come. They stay. They have stayed since December, when I stared towards a riverbank off a bridge in Niigata and sincerely wondered, "Would I be free [from these thoughts] if I jumped off? Would the impact kill me, surely and soundly?" These intermittent day dreams of suicide brought a sense of liberation to my ailing mind as we walked in the brisk coldness of that quiet town. Sure, I have been able to distract myself and push these thoughts inward, but I feel like I am reaching capacity. So, I am writing it out.. what did u write young one. and u just abandoned him. kenny was waiting for you like a little puppy. i wrote something good i feel. u were probably out the entire day today. @cum genshinerhonkaier do u wanna play 1 aram. multiple ampere based pre builts for 300-500 and 500 other items on clearance for -80% off. u come in quack and then leave . @cum herald. Dude got caught trying to steal third and pulled this shit lmao. The pickle. The errant throw. The dropped pop up. I literally tuned in just in time for that play. The play was more crazy than what this makes it seem. what a game. maybe a little cross stitch action now that i think about it. @cum king shut up. wait it's hats rite neow?. you whore. get the fuck in here. first cum. Which in itself is insane. Prob yea but salary alone he makes more. Apparently its true. there is no way this is true. And a lot of athletes lol. And curry. He makes more per year than fucking lebron. Masterclass game more like masterclass luck. YOU'RE SO L UCKY WITH URA DORA. damnb pair hand outta nowhere. Haneman to baiman to win the game after getting in a 10000 hole early. After early fuck up. Masterclass game. @cum jester watch east 2,3 if u can . that hapened to me and i was last to riichi so didnt feel too bad. And i was pissed. I remember cus i was first to riichi. I had that happen before. if u also riichi the round ends in a draw. And the guy deals into a 13 orphans. Three of them richii. Literally the first round. bitch. was about to @ u. but i can play a few. i am going to the gym in a bit. you want to play a mobile game on your pc. there's a pc port. is it a mobile game. @cum king @cum genshinerhonkaier we playing super mecha champions or what. it was bussingly bussing. im back from brothers. Netease?!?!!!! Onmyoji!!! Wooooo!!!. just know i did not leave without saying anything unlike harold. @cum genshinerhonkaier i said "im gonna blast off like team rocket" in case you were afk and did not hear me. i think the second one is the best. ive only seen the first. without even saying bye. guys which kung fu panda movie is best. ok that doesnt look that good. unless u suck my finger. spotify put me onto norwegian wood and i forgot how this bangs and spanks. dont do that. thats gross. i'm just gonna let my skin grow around it and infect my finger. guys i have a splinter. yell at me instead? . super mecha champions has some hot dudes. i luv brawlstars and yelling at children. the greatest chinese game to ever come out. what brawl stars wishes it could be. what is super mecha champions. LMAOO SIPER MECHA CHMPITONSSOS. HOLD OUT THE WINDOW AND LET THE WIND BLOE BACK YOUR HAIR. youre just supposed to feel it. youre not supposed to understand. i still dont know what he says half the time. i also give it a 10/10. thank u. strong 2 implies 2.5-2.9 tho. anything for bruce. if im feelin generous i bump to a 2.1. what would u rate thunder road by bruce springsteen. extremely strong. i give it a strong 2/10. i love rainbow road. that song was chill. the only song to ever exist. now i listen to thunder road. that we said GEE tar. we're so acclimated to saying kenny gee as g. the fuck is geetah. who is keshis strat. eaj is cool. he hasnt even sang yet. eaj is cool. shut up u dirty zac player. this song sucks. baited once again. nothing is playing. or think of u rn to prevent myself from peeing. i'll think of u when i pee. u can borrow it. aaron please. it too late for that. I WAS AFK. going to kms. dude those are disgusting. maybe it was anselp\. i think it was yan. all i remember is we were fucking dying. who did it. im not the one that hit him. i usually face the tv so i can see how it looks. and. ima have to do it in the living room since i have the most room there. you righttt. thats what i do. bruh throw it in your house. kenny's a lil binch. i only know that i can hold the ball. ive been holding the ball weird and creating some new tech. theres new slider tech i found. dude i wnana play catch so bad. im sick of this class. kenny ill help you with file system. harry off with his other friends. ansel and yan being a normal functioning members of society. this server's DEAD. tbh havent watched season 2. (didnt know there were multiple seasons). season 1. (just kidding i am going 2 watch 86 eighty-six). he scares me. i dont wanna be left alone with aaron when ansel leaves. what is beast wars. aaron's pussy produces a lot of discharge to clean out his pusc. aaron cleans out his pussy 4 me. yes we have to wait for yolopandy. he's gonna move it move it. where's aaron. congwats congwats. do californians eat crawfish. @cum pedophile @cum genshinerhonkaier. RONSsweet seoftvoice lullabying me. u beat league of legends. that game. What did that do. so it's fxtwitter. can u append fx to the front of twitter. dont do that. if i wake up and kenny isnt using a fire weapon im throwing a fit. fr kenny is playing the fire character but not using fire guns. aawons not here to sing me a lullaby. no im in bed im tired!!!. have u guys won yet. hello chat. @cum king luis castilo was signed by the giants in2011. This is why hes the goat. actually its 90  . im the next magnus carlsen fr. Ok I had to hear it from the source. damn everyone sleep hella early today. yknow like girlypop. a good thing. and i will happily oblige for you my king. Who’s he saying this to?. he's fatter. you guys are delusional it is the exact same picture. kenny's white and FAT. u allergic to them fr. kenny never uses his abilities. Where he shit on rupert. I liked the darts ep in s1. tbh s3 is not as good as the first two tho. Man utd poaching him. youll see at the end of s2. what season are you on. Dude gets poached from a top club or something doesnt he. The fucking apple tv pic for ted lasso doesnt have nathan. they're as big as kevin's. they're like booba boobs. they're not even small boobs either. they made the girl character weak. the bunny is the only one with boobs. kenny consistently doing less dmg than the support wbk. I was second guessing myself. Idk why i thought someone else won roty last year. But couldve used ichiro for seattle miami. I put ichiro. Bruh he did win fuck. For seattle. I totally forget if jose rodriguez won roty last year. I lw fucked my mariners seattle one. Im jist tryna get it correct. Fuck rarity score. On then. white sox roty is impossible. Yea idk shit about miami. i dont know any of these teams. how tf. @cum herald ur mom's hella creamy. @cum king new grid. but i can atleast taste the other ingredients now. still p creamy compared to other places. i can actually taste the tomato sauce. they made the tikka masala not hella creamy anymore. doval winning pitcher. mookie hasnt even been nl for that long. it was just showing stats from the last 9 asg. Whats the graphic. We’re barack. Its true. LMFAO THEY MADE A GRAPHIC FOR THE NL GETTING SHIT ON FOR 9 YEARS. Its over. is doval in line for the win tho. cobb was a bit sus. Doval and cobb shut it down. Yea it is. 18 k/9 is insane tho. and thought he was the shit. Wait he literally gave up the go ahead 2 run shot. The new king felix is on that team. so yea hes going to seattle. actually. no way he goes to seattle. We r so fucked. i know darryl strawberry from a brooklyn 99 joke lmfao. Darryl strawberry is a fake name. @cum pedophile beast wars is on myflixer. Til giants traded him from the phillies. Til pence was a phillie. i literally did that one before too im pretty sure. phillies astros has got to be someone i know. Pete rose played on the phillies. The thing is on the last page. what the fuck. Dodgers legend chase utley. chase utley. who is a phillies legend lmao. I know 0 old good phillies players. Whos the most recent 200 hit season. yea i feel like those teams never trade. I feel like only ppl who live in ny know. Ny ny one tough. That shit doesnt work. If u click the read more button on top. theres no way i cnat think of a player that has played for both new york teams. Me neither lol. i cant even think of the team ones. I didnt realize it was so insane. 200 hits is crazy. bruh i thought this grid would be easy. Phillies legends ryan howard. thats why hes the goat. I will never know. How tf babe ruth get 200. Hell yea. Got it. dude had one of the greatest offensive seasons ever. BRUH HE WASNT EVEN CLOSE. judge didnt have 200 hits wha. Rhats why u need knowledge from 1900s. i feel like no one would want to cause they hate each other. who tf played on dodgers astros. Dam i totally forgot scherzer was on the dodgers. thats all i havec rn. cole for houston yankees. I dint even know any of the team ones. not evne close really. 200+ hits is actually nuts. I think for the achievements , they had to get it with the team. played for dodgers and had 200+ hit season. i thought it was just. wait srsly?. Na but he had to get 200 hits with the dodgers. Bbref bought immaculate grid. oh shit thats a good one. he fucking didnt. mvp year. right. But ig 200 hits is a lot. Dude was insane his first few years on the dodgers. I guessed puig then kemp. I didnt realize 200+ hits one season was that insane lmao. And second try. I fucked up first try. Dont think so. this one seems possible for me. There’s a lot of sad scenes. His divorce and shit. It got hella sad all of a sudden. Yea it has its moments. fr dis time. @cum king ted lasso is pretty funny. why kenny in call. what the.. ish so pretty. we go to bed together aaron. is how this came to be. aaron i think we were looking at madagascar things and found the models together. they look like ds redners. u can always paste in paint or something. and he had spiky hair. and he had green boxing gloves. and also he was captin mildew. one of them at least. yea back in my suicidal arc. think i was frog. kinda prophetic. that was before he started working there. cum herald. and boy boss. i think we have like one more boss to unlock but that's it LOL. like how it's taking decades for sufjan stevens decades to release his united states albums. aaron why are u up so late. homophones frick me up. First guess is harper?. ok sry apparently he is a comedian and not an mlb player. matt crosby. i was out of names ansel. sorry boo. this convo derailed sad. stewart tho. what name?. have to convert it everytime. i read Sean as seen. americans like ph. where u are from. sophia or sofia. am ok with both. bc she'd be bullied. am ok with both. what the fawk. catharsis. bro his paintings go hard. always seen with H. thank u. mans is a jflapper. when he has an upcoming final. asks to play roblox horror. this mf. his computer theory final next week. Theyre sussy. Thats what im saying. what is davis doing. he plays in ottawa now. I think he played low A ball. Wonder if kai was a bbref page. One day he’s gonna play against some old mlb player in taiwan. Kai gonna go play overseas. He had a 4 era in college i think. Kyle woo dude whos pitching today vs ohtani. U never know whos gonma be good or not tho. In his vids lol. Especially tagging all the other d1 programs in calhfornia. And be cracked. I thought he would have a sub 2 era. Does he have no shame. From his flow. I saw he has all baseball one. He has a dedicated baseball account lmfao. His ig is all baseball too. Love to see it. 12,20, 17,12,11 is crazy. Is he playing d2?. I don’t even know the man like that. Yea he never played with us. I dont remember anything about him cus he transfered. Only to be mid. Like why the fuck you wanna go to Lowell so bad. Those 3 losses in the middle. Idk I just remember him being hella cringe. Bruh i thought he’d be good. The goat. Dint even know what position he played. I remember him now. Yea he kinda sucked ass. I mean he was really nice. Bro. Cant believe the official account called him drizzle. The goat. I’m Barry bonds. If he d3. Bro look at the clip of him hitting. Hes playing for a d3 school r. Bro they had a fucking 50 man roster. Yea on ig. How he play for ccsf then. Short hair. That weirdo kid. He played baseball at ccsf with Darren Leung. I was just hella curious. He tagged ucdavis baseball in one of his posts. I just searched him. What happened. this one i think. one of the final questions. wtf is that for. check this guy out. but it's ok. usually u'd have an F state to clearly distinguish that the program's come to an end. the ones with inside circles are end points right. i usually got the shortest answer bonus. oh the jflap?. or is it the graph. is the lemma the python thing. this man has been speaking gibberish the whole semester. also nvm they deleted my account. this shit is cringe. i can dig out the answer sheets tho but im p sure he redoes the questions every semester. bc i did one question on the final and left. @cum queen dont ask me computer theory. he was that lefty freshman who really wanted to go to lowell. @cum lord do you remember nevan lee from wash. that makes no sense. i think i missed some important details. something like that. and if you can create a word based on your defined language then its considered regular. and then iterate over this alphabet and check if you can create any words with this given alphabet. so you can have a subset of symbols or an alphabet. it is not for programming languages. its a subset of words. is this like for programming languages?. Pumping lemma for regular languages, the fact that all sufficiently long strings in such a language have a substring that can be repeated arbitrarily many times, usually used to prove that certain languages are not regular.. wtf is that. did you learn anything related to RL pumping lemma. dont tell me that weirdo. is it like algorithm stuff?. fix that shit. still have the blister tho. i can send a pic if you want to take a peel. but tmr tho?. plus i dont think i could help you. i aint trying to get you in trouble. hell yea. computer theory?. stream it. whats up. and miss work. i hope you oversleep your alarm. just hopped on to check if any new msgs. you know what. bed then work. where. what the fuck. ive been on connecting to server. lmk whenever u run it. back. prob be back by 7/730. IM SUPA SHY SUPA SHY. do anotha one. dont be shy. And another one. Here’s a pic of me violating this plush pig. the sequel. was doin good but for not long enough before his next injury . Seems that giants fans are hyped for the new acquisition. All the replies lmfao. His stats tell a different story. he just had a fractured forearm from a pitch. Seattle warned us that hes always injured. Wasted money. thry had to use his career stats. So is haniger done for the year or smth. Acquired hard hitter aj pollock. They did. Thank you lover. i was t posed up. then i got made fun of. i remember getting voted most fashionable in the high school yearbook and when they took my photo i wore the ugliest shit in my closet including a button-up shirt with egregious color schemes and my brother's fencing overalls. given we're the same height. if you give off short energy what does that make me. @cum genshinerhonkaier who exudes above average penis size energy in this discord. im sure its above average. ok maybe not that big but modestly sized. i have a great big birthday surprise for u. thank u my lover. @cum jester i hope you are having a nice day at work . both are old ring chasers at this point. heard verlander is heating up tho. astros are paying a lot to get verlander back. they just decided to sell becuase the team isnt going anywhere this year. didnt really lose them. Thank you lover. after like half a year of me doing it. glad thanking your lovers is catching on. Thank you lover. Thank you lover. sorry angel you're disallowed from hot gay sex. and happy yaoi day apparently. happy national gf day @cum pedophile @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum king. panda woulda went so hard. @cum herald @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum goodnight. its crazy. their offensive is so abysmal. #giantswin. today i learned tobias harris started on the bucks. this guy is impressive. Michael Jordan plays for the hornets. and idk who the fuck plays on the hornets. it always includes either the pacers hornets or magic. bro the nba accumlate grid is fucked. Farhan got something up his sleeve that cam fix his swing. Just like the dodgers fr. Trading for negative war players. Looked a lot like this one tho but I think the brand name was different. So I can’t view the order. Also I think Sam bought it for me cause he had prime and I just paid him l. Do u remember the name of it. 3k hits is tough. I bought one off amazon and that shit looks janky af. @cum king @cum pedophile was it one of u guys who bought the bug zapper thing in davis. I only got harper and pete rose for mvp. Cleveland guardians/indians. only thing i know about the cubs is they should go into prostitution because they're good at sucking. @cum lord OH WOULD YOU LOOK WHICH TEAM IS IN THE FUCKING GRID TODAY. They overlap a week. Wait a sec. Looks like I won’t be playing other games for a while. What the actual heck. They didnt slow mo the second one so idk. The first one is not that bad. @cum herald upon further inspection. But I know the crowd was extremely displeased with the calls. Couldn’t really see. I was hella far up. do u think schmitt swung on both those strike calls in the bottom of the 8th. They won. @cum king hope you're having fun at the game . Fuck that team. I love that you know they’re irrelevant. Damn that’s actually kinda sad. Twins i know no o e. Or some other team that’s been irrelevant for years. @cum lord man I swear every fucking grid has twins or guardians. i cower every night. and u beat our children in this loveless marriage. @cum goodnight you're a drunk. Babygorl is a little drunk. it's a universal truth. babygorls dont know what babygorl means. @cum goodnight. u know the answer urself.. the answer is clear. needs some friction to work. @cum queen theater mode pls. roast beef goated. tom waits of our time. this is his twitch streaming studio. watch his twitch vods. henry's kitchen?. oreo cream sucks ass. gotta melt the shit. what will it take for us to be on the gmm cast. who is josh. ur the racist one. fortnite players . @cum genshinerhonkaier aram or you are racist. not do that. can they just. its okay u can save them as a surprise when u log in. blushes. that ign is so cute and hot and sexy and kinda gives off intellectual vibes. me of course. play one more wifout me. @cum king r u in class rn. py for num in range(phone_number): output += dic[int(num)] + " " print(output). yea i wish they had subtitles for hobie. Or the beginning where gwen was talking. I also didnt understand a single thing the rockstar spiderman said. I thought it ended abruptly. he does youtube shit it's pretty sick actually. Also just learned that the Lego scene was animated by a 14yr old. Good character arc for miles. Spot story line did take a back seat in this movie, but knowing that there’s a second part, it’s not too big a deal since they do build him up by the end. But at the same time, even with all the different stories taking place, they dont feel like wasted screen time. I can see that. but then spot causes mile's canon event. like they were trying to stop spot. seemed a bit all over the place at first. it was weird. I liked the story. im not gonna change my opinion of it because of low expectations. i think your mistake was expecting a good story from a superhero movie. The story is mid. For real?!???. I watched spiderman. they make it look fun. love watching spidermen move. whatd u guys think. how was the movie. would this have been your first yakuman? @cum lord. Just watched replay and guy on my left had 2 and thats it. Was crazy cus 3 of thewere gone and i lucked out and drew the last one. Yea someone prob had 3. aint no way there were still 4. damn someone had the green dragons tho for sure. The guy on my left ron’d me for all simps. cant wiat. we can share a seat. You coming?. Winning got him all bricked up. u guys can just take turns biting the daikon. i have the ebt card for hotpot xd. im refunding your ticket. thats it. and then movie. play ball/frisbee for an hourish. bro i did my college of engineer nyeh nyeh nyeh . HIS NAME IS ARAM. everyone else is looking away from the camera. the first guy lookin into my soul. the second guy looks like i could beat him up. my king my ~~lord~~ guy my everything. where aaron go. yan literally calls me slurs wdym hes not the type to talk. imagine being lvl 14 on lucian. discord if ur reading this cum PEDOPHILE said to call him the BOSTON MARATHON BOMBER. what if u try really hard. kenny been wanting to break in his new ball. when and where. wtf were balling. eat. ball, movie, shop. still needa go to hmart and get stuff afterwards anyways. @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum herald are we going to the theater directly or lunch first. AT LEAST THAT GAME WAS PLAYABLE. that was THE most cancerous draft i have ever experienced. who. kenny's so white. were u scared. m3gan would've slayed. i'm having a good time. this movie is so good. this is gundam. why she do bruce like that. wait did they not waterproof m3gan. gotta put a hole back there. i wouldve stabbed cady right there. lowkey been watching kenny watch that guy. kenny is having the time of his life watching some asian dude eat noodles. cady is unhinged. you're saying cady is less of a shit than brandon?. cady should've been the one who died in the car accident. that escalated so quickly . WHY WAS IT FILMED LIKE THAT. she peed herself. she dun hacked elsie . i wonder what m3gan is powered by. a power washer filled with pesticide. so it gets a pass . it was funny. i wanted to type dat but. why'd she get blasted so far from the pesticide. it was literally in the subtitles. how tf do u know these people's names. celia bouta get pushed onto the road next. m3gan finish the fucking chorus. this movie is sofunny kdlasmkzlcjm. m3gan is so real for dat. whyd he take her shoe off though. lmao the sound effect on the ear toss. oh no he's gonna suck her toes. it'd be so kickass if m3gan had a CQC module. i miss the dog actually. cady needs to get eaten by the dog. yea she needs a laxative for sure. i hope m3gan overthrows communist china. she looks constipated. tic-tac-toe?. WHAT DID I TELL YA. this cud b a disney movie. not the singing. whatd u delete _. cady looks so depressed. lowkey rooting for m3gan. m3gan is just based tho. i thought this was horror. SHE BOUTA FUCK HIM UP. (bombastic). so she can teach kids about water marks on wood . why can she access the internet tho. they love the pressurized air can. cady looks smitten. david needs to use hyaluronic acid. does this count as ai generated art. uncanny valley the movie. oh shit oh fuck oh. does m3gan have a womb. she just has this kinda tech in her garage. girl got to work. she girlbossing it up. can it punch her. ill do well with yans kids. cady is child. i am so shit with names. cady looks scarier than megan _. its a good thing. aaron is girlypop fr. o. @cum king what happened to working on a project with ur partner. gemma is such a white woman. ill make u lose more hours of sleep. 2 dollars is not worth the hours of sleep i will lose. if u watch ill give u 2 dollars. nothings happening. and LOUD. harry a blabbermouth. maplestory. not the 6th job. nothing's even happening . hes studying the kids. lmk if u need it a little louder. farty toy kinda based. is this an ad. yan watch the stream. who wanted to watch the anime. where did the anime come from. im down to watch. would u rather play roblox. WE'RE HERE WITH U. u find one. do u have a video source or should i find one. ok which. guys let's watch a horror movie. @cum jester where u go. lmk how u feel about the taste. not the pokemon ones tho. She said she was also at haneda airport. at least japan airports v pleasant and air conditioned. haneda airport didnt have them. Shes back. those things expire in like. wait how long is she staying in japan. i should start fasting indefinitely. fuck league im outta here. whats happening. It was his car. @cum king r u in class. r u back in freedom land yet. Doesnt he live right off 19th. I have a feeling this is chris chius car. not another suicune . i can send one message every 5 minutes . wtf the image loaded that's crazy. i cant see images now. but i never look for streaming on yt. yeah thats true. Its burried beneath the actual videos i feel. Yea tje thing about yt is that its kinda hard to find streaming. but their new policy will make it so that even those large streamers can only make 70% on the first 100k or smth. except for larger streamers that have special contracts. for twitch its 50-50. cause youtube is 70-30 split in subs so streamesr make majority. yeah that was his main point. I think nade tweeted about it today too actually. If yt fixes up their streaming side a little more they can 100% kill twitch. Thats oretty fucked tho. at least thats what penguinz0 said. afaik they are basically taking money from streamers and telling them to run more ads. Whats going on. is twitch actually gonna die. Especially when everyones is home. I didnt wanna shit on her wifi in vc so she could hear. So its very unstable. And the wifi is all shared with everyone in this house apartment thing. Ya im playing at ceces house. Or something. fuck @Deleted User tho. aight i can play. Yone looks so strong. a lot i think?. im eating rn. Im sad and bored. was it bussin tho?. that place highkey goated tho . And way more portions. Wasnt even that much more expensive. That one night. The place we went to in sf. Crying. IM cribbing. There was no option for rice. wtf is that. It’s fuckong shredded carrots. The orange thing is not even rice. that is very small portion still. like theyre lighter in color yeah? but i assure u that they also look like turds. harold they all look like turds but they be bussin bussin. why that kebab look like a turd. Place in berkeley. @everyone guess the price. I found my food place and its only 2 mins away. Unless u want. Jk ima go eat actually. yea but the event quest gives him for free. Do u have enough to buy. hes out?. Crystal rose yone is so hot. I forgot reed. R they better than yan sam and i?. How r ur new roommates. The camille jg pick looking like a wr game. anyone want popeyes. How do u go from that to losing to tl and mentally booming. only to lose to tl who was 4-6. Is that the msi tl mental boomed them?. that was the one where tl beat ig. They won in 16 mins wtf. she saw we both had it and thought she was doing it wrong. Yea the sera didn’t buy shield right away tho i remember seeing her first purchase is the ap item. Oh i thought u meant that one senna sera we played a few days ago that used it. I feel like we kill them before we spend gold anyway. Did we lose that game?. the mf sera. one of the botlanes we faced was using it. yeah ur right i cant tell if the strat is broken or we are just better. Yone comes out in an hour. Ur fucking farming mvps lol @cum king. I dont thonk u can. how do i mute pings. that galio was so annoying. Actually so sad. aight ill play 1 more. Every top lane wants u. that sion had it out for me. Cait complaing about mid like we didnt shit on them in lane too. more free wins. What if its him again banning draven. Shameless plug. holy fuck we are playing with kpop. so fuck that kid. but then he said that shit. since he would always win lane but team would collapse. kinda felt bad for him before that. I wouldnt have said anything if he didnt say that cringe line. On smurf. damn we really cyberbullying this kid. wait they fuckin banned my champ. Or do i have to flash first. Only 15 mvp. hes a gamer. His ranked wr 53%. oh yeah he fucking roamed on us at lv 5 too lmao. Not good enough. His smurfing. guess we challenger then. his name is grandmastersmurf. Rly?. And u were at t2 turret. When kayle was on his base. he was the mundo last game too. He went to solo hlt u. didnt kill me once. dude was solo ulting me the entire game. this malphite so mad. She knew. Just like that. Countered. well it stops your dash to her. Chinpers stop my e?. Should i all in lvl2. samira was a broke bitch lmao. Even with fizz coming up every other wave. Rich asf. Might not build it they have lots of ap. Ill jist follow u like an enchanter. w is shield. Wait is e the shieldp. Then q?. yea and we just steamroll. what if i just play draven. yo honestly. these fuckers all suck anyway. we can try it. Should i buy leona?. my wifi poopy in room cant find an image lmao. Whats the dinosaur. I just got highnoon darius from a poro chest. yea he is openly racist and now it is replaced by a dinosaur. That’s funny and unfortunate. pretty sure the emote is banned on twitch cause the dude is racist or smth. Such an influential figure in the field. Otv should sign him. Is he a twitch steamer now. this gyu. Thats not it. but like 10 of them. nah the actual emote. Ill hop on after lunch ill let u know. he had a slide that was just pogchamp. my prof for machine learning is a zoomer. I thought starts tmr. O it started today. i done with classes for the day. that shit hot af. Goddam but poolparty leona is sexy. I can play leona i feel it might be better. My phone was 20% and ig the charger i was using wasnt good so it kept going above and back bellow 20%. The 20 win streak dream. always jacking off with panth for what. can you play wit hme at least for a bit tho. His reaction time to click barrier too fast. I was so close. I forgot he had barrier. this game is just too easy. @cum king im home . Holy plat. this game ends in 10 minutes. yeah he was giga tilted. We win lane so hard. i be running it these games. At least in our comp. nah im eating while. What a game. what you eating?. i was microwaving shit. My one trick. Yea lol we usually have around the same mid game. Cus we always shit on them in lane. you always have more than me lol. The gold hack not working. in all these games. I didnt even see u get shafted by the vi LMAO @cum king. Whatever champs i feel like playing lol. wtf you be spending on. None of my accounts have more than 4k. ok i bought senna lol. What champs do u have. I only have those 2 added. What acct r u getting on. wrong account lol. I dont think we ever lost lane. Since we duo. tbf i feel like we havent lost lane in the last 20 games. Idek if its the money glitch or we just too good in lane. This strat is so op. guess i have to swap accts lol. To run into other 5 stack. or we have to 5 stack. Wtf scam. it says i can only queue with d2 - masters 40 marks. How far from master. I feel like i couldve straight up won that 1v1. the darius was fed af and you had as much as him. but your basically solo laner gold lmfao. i dont get that far ahead. this strat lw broken. saved his mental. He jg would’ve inted out of the game. i wasnt even paying attention to chat. LET ME IN. If i didnt have his back. @cum herald. U see positive reinforcement. just missing peripherals yea?. whenever that will be. u wouldnt leave us right?. right yan?. we're definitely going to yan's tho. u never check this server sajj. @cum herald im here outside let me in. and no invite. come over rn. stream it. Whats up with these trist top lanes. have to wait a minute. U wanna run the same comp?. U wanna play a quick game. dude is getting accused of using anal beads to cheat. lmfao yall seen this chess cheating scandal. 630 at my house for the build. Ima go grocery shopping. Yea its useless at end. The seraphine didnt get the poke supp item. i sold it at the end. Idk if our gold lead was from kills or the double relic. Look at that ms. I was spiking the entire game. they were too good at dodging. I blame my ping on that botched kata ult. Does trist think im going top?. For the stack. Whatever idk. For ranged it auto executes at 30%. what are we playing lol. aight lol. And try to use for cannon. Only cs when u have stacks i think. so we both go relic shield and dont cs?. we can try it. U wanna try it ?. It works for ranged only the execite range goes from 50% to 30. And ur teammage 100%. So u only cs when u have stacks and u get 135% gold. The double relic shield works cus if u domt cs when u dont have stacks, u gain 100% gold. lmfao thats harrys friend you clown. @cum king botlane?????. COVID op. He’s technically a wr. What happened to deebo. The traditional log bait not rly good anymore and the new good one uses bomb tower and electro spirit but mine only lvl11. Im fucking depressed. I lost 250 trophies in clash royale. Wait the actor for creamcheese was on hotline league. Dam they play the chiefs on sunday. Holy fuck. this game was close until it wasnt. 16 to 12. 14 to 11. holy shit. hes up 3 levels. I saw some tweet about getting shit on by bts in war and getting btsd. Supers as strong as some champions. Bitch why you at baron then. And then when they get wiped the Gwen says “I didn’t wanna fight”. But my team would rather jack off in baron pit. We had fuckin supers in mid and bot. Team got wiped at baron. We should’ve lost honestly. These fuckers always wanna fight man. They released eztra tickets for semis. if you need it. i have some thermal paste left. Better than 100% of others. @cum lord literally the best sion performance of all time. prob just thermal paste issue. airflow isnt too relevant bc you're aio yea?. just walk on them. emerald player couldnt even land stun on riven. the gap is so massive. i got a gm player and a peak emerald player on my team. matchmaking in wr is actually so fucked. or get a case with better airflow. so its either the i should reapply the thermal paste. my pc shutdown once cause it got too hot. nah im not sure why but for some games my cpu temp is off the charts. if we hang out again maybe yan can bring his. are u thermal throttling. sabonis and brunson are ass. him and kevin porter jr are my steals of the draft this yr. League actually fucked. If they get this dude. Jumping on the pels bandwagon. Jist watched the highlights and hes winning mvp. Looks like a throwback player. lmfao i did not recognize ingram with the afro. League honestly fucked they got kd and barkley on the same team. Pay check stealers. Good for both of them. Holy shit. wait pelicans slapped the nets. At least he saw it lol. I shouldve tagged him. you really name-dropped the weirdo dude. Throwback @cum king. anything for you my queen. thanks. idk if i can find mine. do you guys have extra thermal paste?. most intelligent thing caedral has ever said. wtf is caedral doing lmfao. showmaker and malrang tripping over rootbeer. the tickets went up. im buying him a bunch. if he makes finals. watch rogeu shock the fuckin world. what game is tmr. showmaker > chovy. will chovy gap showmaker. cause hes worshipped as a god. wait chovy is 21. hes same age as us. thats what im sayin. please. @nadeshot @100t. showmaker english not bad. because half your dmg is missing. just keep catching them. but for the most part you dont have to have them bounce perfectly. i dont even do it that well tbh. yea it takes some getting used to. eh ill try it next time, cus i feel like sometimes axes bounce in awkward places. like im moving forward but i dont wanna go all the way up to where it bounces. if you have it up. but you can just sac one axe and reactivate the cd. do i just catch the far axe and let him run. if im getting ran and i kite but then he runs my last axe bounces far back but i wanna go forward. the bounce will be in front of you so that you keep moving in that direction. so imagine youre chasing someone. but yeah they bounce in the direction that you were last moving. or else your champ sucks cock. it is 100% required that you catch them. yea like i wanna kite back but then i wanna go in but i dont have time to catch the axe that bounces back. just move to where the yellow circle is after it bounces. they go in the direction that you were moving last when you auto. but others they bounce like all the way somewhere else. cus sometimes they bouce right next to me. they go in the direction that you last input when autoing. thats nto a thing. or closer. how do i get them to bounce slower. i feel like they bounce so far. idek know where theyre going. youre doing half the potential damage. catch ur axes wtf. when i wouldve hit if i just left it. i swear sometimes im over thinking and i miss. id rather just shoot it straight lmao. ashe arrow is so hard to drift. countered. so they kinda hve to keep up. also the nlcs already started. wait wtf the yankees are already playing??. padres are the best team in the world. but hes fun. the clear is painfully slow. who. theyre pretty good too. ive never seen that. they have other flavors??. and they do not hit the same. this draven has like 20k gold 5 mins. aight whenever. in one rn. And the veigar blows me up. He steals all my kills in lane. Hit a hook blows everything. I hate thresh who go in on every engage. i see nothing but facts. Wtf is this conversation . The iron player has hella games played, but literally 0 ranked. and then say "not my main role". why play a hard champ. just pick an easy ass champ. then proceeds to play evelynn. got a game where my jungler was autofilled. Didnt check others. like they played 1 game of ranked. is it just provisional?. Partied too so prob iron 4 duo. WHAT THE FUCK MAN. Iron 4. JIST GOT BACK DOORED IN ARAM. asian snacks always be sweet for no reason. tried it from hmart. this shit is dogass. koreans have this weird ass flavor. but yea western for sure. i think theyre popular in europe too. NA thing. Tf. they didnt like hot cheetos. I know ive been a mega zion hater for the past few years but im honestly happy to see him playing again. showmaker english is pretty good. @cum pedophile whats this say. ALMOST 6K IN CLASH ROYALE. Finals tickets went up again GG. hope they get sexually harassed. bitch ass motherfucker. dont have the riot tag in your name if you aint gonna own up to it. fucking pussy ass raka wont accept my friend request. When she got the wuadra. Auto aims the jump thing and hit minions like twice in that fight vs gwen. Our olaf was so shit too. this game straight up wants me to lose. I remember that lol. why does this dogshit game auto aim behind me where no one is. And malph ult full ap. Fucking galio ulted down to bot 3 times. wait let me clip this shit. dude i went to dive this gwen. And she just dashed right over them. To make sure they hit. She zhonyas. That last fight. Dude this gwen running me down every fight. bitch got 9 kills out of nowhere. fuck that gwen. And galio fucking ults down bot 3 times. This fucking malphite solo ultimg me the moment im on his screen. If u check my last games. was too passive last game. Prob wont even build sickle forst item. ok i will lane kingdom this game. just these autofilled fucktards. no presence early. at every stage. senna is legit the most cancerous champ every introduced. idgaf what they show. or whenever playing ad. Im gonna be fighting for cs this game. instead of tryikng to use lil nas x clout to get more people to play this dogshit. fix your stupid fucking game. we supposed to get the rig in our favor. we had the riot employee. Not including aram. what matchmaking is that. Dude the mf. AND HES GOT A POCKET YUUMI. what. Such a doomed game. Ill play 1 more if u wanna. I didnt get ad role and they gave it to that loser. When i came and ganked she just stood there. Mf a riot emplyee?. fucking goober. shit is crazy. how do riot employees suck at their own game. 1 sec i have to finsih this lab. Wanna play a game kf wildrift?. idk why the mic isnt working. maybe if u scream louder into the mic it will work. but ill check. mmmmi dont think so. is it your settings?. are you on windows. prolly cuz i dont have gamer headset. o. his computer doesnt have a mic. what. or does that not work. can u just talk without the headset. i can hear fine. but nothiing. im connected to the right port. idk if theres another plug for audio. are u trying to stream?. im using a different headset but nothing. lemme see if another one works. idk why its not working. hard to play a teamfight when ornn ult only shows up for 2 frames of my game. i only get 50 these day. i want to see league in 1000000 fps. for league?. im not doing anything interesting. idk they just join randomly. ive been lurking in the shadows, waiting to jump on it when their funds are low. why is this dude in the server lol. they've had it for a while. its the dabs guy that joined and left. its not that guy lol. whats the vanity. i just spam them and see if theyre invalid or not. hopefully hes not some poor teenager. ima ask for $250. i sniped someones discord vanity again and hes asking for it back. twitch.tv/zjeof. i didnt pay 100 dollars for nothing. @cum pedophile stream the fuckin game you bitch. max jordan poole for him to score 12 in 28 mins. stream you fucking pedophile coward. theyre just so weird. after the game. working out in the hallways. took em 2 years. suns are the most hated team now idk what happened. bruh didnt their window start last year or sometghing. imma hop into a practice. yea stream league pls. wolf fostering human children statue. this steak was mid. fries were buttered up tho frfr. it's inevitable. does that answer ur question. Whos above him?. and you missed?. :notepad_spiral: | Your next Quest is now ready! Type /quest to get a new Quest. Support the development of PokeMeow for special perks and monthly rewards such as & ! | Type ;patreon to support for ingame perks and rewards! :handshake: Trade with other trainers for Legendaries or Shinies in the Support Server! View /help to join! mui found a wild Magby! Your vote is ready! /vote for Lootboxes, Vote Coins, & Special Vote Boxes! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. this hotel's breakfast is just bread. spoiled before it even comes out. The fking movie aint even out yet. @Deleted User u guys wanna watch the spiderman movie. why not. can you install pokemon go and catch me some exclusive pokemon. ok but i'm in my underwear. can we get a hotel pick. kenny really glazing over my texts. as you can tell i completely glanced over the chestnut. they look like beans. they're nuts?. i thought you said they were beans. there was fish. i assume it's marinated in a light soy sauce mix and later roasted with a honey glaze. after the nuts. wats the first pic. at the same time. partnered with ANA. apparently my moms boss went today too. also what airline did you fly with. are you having fun?. 16 hours ahead. did not know what time it was LMAO. is that your breakfast?. the soy sauce mixture glazes the chestnuts in such a fashion that highlights the natural sweetness, yet pulls back enough with saltiness for a consumer to keep going back for more. they were good as fuck. whether it's to look for VAs or a series in general. if u watch anime u'll end up knowing about it eventually. would u say it's a widely known site. do u guys know what myanimelist is. fair warning i take shit photos. send food pix. o yea that one's me. boutta eat udon yummy. there he is (me). it's pufferfish. i should upload fotos when im at a hotel. who. when it uploads. i honestly wud have rather played aram than eat. i wasnt FEEELIN it. how's colly flour and stek. how's yapen. @cum genshinerhonkaier hi lettice. the plate uppers are so quiet. my god harry's friend list is stacked. harry is challenger. i didnt go to the bathroom for 10hrs. do u want a stream lol. i'll be ready to watch . i'll let you off the hook this time. ive literally called u the best mercy ive ever had. wait a second i do say something. i notice i just dont say anything. i go off every game u just dont notice it . u went off that game. what is up gamers. r u free for aram now xd. stek and colly flower. what r u eating. :0 im eating atm. whos that. ur telling me u dont know who lee hyokson is?????. i wouldnt have known any of the people in that pic if you didnt say two of their names. yea they suck balls. What the fuck. The As have a 7.02 era. How’s the flight. @cum jester have a safe flight and have fun in weaboo land . They got swept. Think so. Was this the year with the earthquake. Against the giants. And 10 years later they went to 3 straight again but only won once. 1960s or something i think. have a safe flight senor. Have fun and fly safe!. thanks babe. @cum jester have a safe flight sweetie. snoog found a wild Glalie! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. when lol. Til A’s won 3 World Series in a row. o read that as spammed. Sick of getting scammed. Need another game thats not pokemon. hi icex258. icex258. u should call him by his original name. Thank you for inviting AniGame to your server! To get started please type .start to begin your AniGame journey! Note: MAKE SURE the bot has permissions to play! This includes sending images and embeds. To enhance/enrich your playing experience, please join the support server - For an overview of how this bot works, type .basics, or .help if you would like a list of all the commands, or view this informative doc -. bor we paid 50k to get the legendary. thought its an emote lmao. wtf is this. i was wondering if u were gonna use that as the response LOL. nope guess ill go kms . when you come back we can play games and ill talk. @cum herald NO. undeafens when i leave xd. dam @cum genshinerhonkaier actually hates me. u can change the controls aaron. and then they change orders sometimes too . everyone and their mom wants cheese. we want da blueprint copier. we dont buy da research desk and then upgrade sink?. I BRB RQ. who washing the dishes. my name is andrew. prepghost steam workshop. ansel how r u walking thru things. that is my feet. why is ur picture feet. oh ofc. mutual friend of me. @cum genshinerhonkaier what steam. im down to play catch sometime if u wanna throw lol. it was only 1 game a week anyway. what happened. i stopped going to the league. im not playing for one rn. ill be on in a bit. @cum lord can kenny join your ultimate frisbee team?. Celtics down by 30. Now redirecting spawns to # Channel Not Found. @Pokétwo redirect # Channel Not Found. Congratulations @cum jester! You caught a level 14 Porygon2! Added to Pokédex. You received 35 Pokécoins!. good luck @cum king. good luck @cum king. !catch. @Pokétwo redirect # Channel Not Found. i need to watch him poop brb. idk if 3 supports was the move. we cant BOTH go imperial mandate . for an hour. she eat. it's expected of yan. aaron get a better pc so u can stream. why does aram have a spectator delay. any awam stweamers. i need to eat soon. but u should totally do LeTtuse now. Is this a lebron joke. i was gonna say upper better. fortnite when. maybe ur onto somethin kennyg33. you gotta keep it the same as your disc. WHAT LOOKS CUTER. okay after a game of fortnite uwu. would you like to play minecwaft?. but otherwise no. Now watch me whip!  /||\_ /¯ ¯\ Now watch me pay pay  \  || \_ /¯ ¯\. no u guys r playing minecraft witout me. actually nvm aaron doing his project. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna play horror escape room. playing without me.. i see how it is.. After playing the warriors ad suddenly remembered how to play basketball. 1 melee character on the enemy team. boring ass game. wouldve rather jungled. why did they give me adc. cant even fucking cs. fuck this game. yea now they get a double. we lose both our entire hp. and i help. @cum king this thresh ints runs in lvl1. i get cc'd to death everytime. this game is so fucking miserable. bts discord was a trip. was brushing. are u still minecwafting. i pwaying weague of wegends so i dont cwy. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna play overwatch parkour. what game tho. on each side. 2 plates and a 10. how many is that. it was nice. the gym?. how's the thing you're at. huge power: Doubles the Pokémon's Attack stat.. Wtf otv is gonna be shit now. Alcantara 1-4 with 5 era. he photogenic fr. kinda too buffed tbh. they buffed her. jq is pretty meta rite neow. are we about to get hate crimed. hi cass. ill play wen i finish dis mission. it slayed. noxus: imy harry . just go fwelyord afewios and ween. this trexxon kid has an ugly little legend. stream neow. i forgot to #100TWin and they lose. still second tho. 5+ han hands lost to 2 han hands. I was fucked so many times this game. Actually kill me. To end the game. It was a green dragon +1000. im actually that bored. esp against people who play actual doodoo hands. With 3 tiles left, about 20 turns pass and someone else wins. And was waiting on 8 pair man to win. Then the dora flip and east became dora. And kan’d the south tile. ill pway laterrrrr. i aint mean it. im coming to tft. wait for me. I’ll be home in a bit. im running around like a headless chicken. that mode is ass. 17-0 only gave up 1 tower 1 herald. won with their assistant coach playing mid. or just solve your mic issue. stream from pc one if u ever need to. u can make 2 discord accounts. It’s my Mac. its #100TWin time. in his heart of hearts. he knows it. Damn you didn’t have to do him like that. i may have played all the way til 5 am last night. i can teach the tft set if anyone wants to learn. probably a setting that he needs to fiddle with is all. thetes a fat update. watching lcs. Play some. Anyways tft done downloading on my phone. Hyped for him. His hit was his lowest expectedBa. His w outs were line drives kinda unlucky. Corbin Carroll would have. About 120 PA i think. Matos in triple a. Matos is that player. Why don’t the giants ever have these players. Hes crazy. Roty and mvp front runner. Yo who is this Corbin Carroll. all that building gaming pc and it cant even run discord properly. He joins discord on his phone. his computer cant pick up his mic or smth. Yan cant stream bruh. You know it. yan stream ur gameplay tonight. someone teach me how to play. Bouta play some tonight?. im never using reddit ever again. ngl still pretty sad apollo is shuttting down. My first games of this new tft set have not been good. on a 2-2 count. dude was batting 200. foul foul ball foul ball ball single with bases loaded. baily is a stud too wtf. The GOAT. ill prob ask my friend about it then submit my app for his company tmr. also i rethought being in sales and thought maybe i dont wanna do sales lol. maybe fingerprinting but my fingerprints have processed. i dont think so. do u need license for that. nah they not hiring but imma apply to a health policy job. its bc i cant write my friend as a reference for a diff job. u wanted to work at boba place right. if u think u can get a job go for it. since this license thing is taking forever. and if i get it then i tell them to void my contract. so should i just apply elsewhere. but its not valid until they send a signed doc back to me. apply to be a stripper. see the issue is i signed my part time contract. u can start looking for sure. should i apply for a diff job. @cum herald. literally whenever LOL. fuck han il kwan we brothers boys. is it our new goto spot. korean food. @Deleted User i want brothers. put her on b5 and we'll eliminate them all >:0(. i thot luka was a girl. is this my cue to go on my phone. i got ur mother to go into. i watch in bedge. that laugh. episode one: they became lost in space . THAT'S A BOY. kazuha from genshin impact is the prettiest kpop girl. who. this is so expensive. @cum king the giants broadcast brought up the stanford - texas popup misplay lol. be back later uwu. in triple a. at least matos comes tmr. haniger fractured right forearm. because da chewwy bwossom twees are owt. @Deleted User lcs fantasy??????. if so what mods. angel are u playing modded minecwaft. come at me then. u can catch these hands. the echo. im never making it out of the hood. the first thing i did was play LEAGUE. no we played some furry game. i was goated. @cum lord @cum king brwlstrs?. of that game. @cum king wildrift?. I SAW U HAD HEAL. WHAT THE HECK. renatussy glascussy. training to reach consistent 140 wpm . liter ally literlly. we are widally silver. me and harry and widowoly silver. friends acc. Maybe, gotta pick up my mom from work but dont know when. @cum lord balll tomorrow?. i do not want to play this anymore. please. so hard to hit a fucking wall with condem. i was having so much fun god dammit. god im so ready to get shit on by this garen somehow. if i get shit on this game. not in RANKED. dont wanna type to randoms. im getting boosted bc im bronze. the lvl 30 smurf is crazy. we can play :O. this patch is too large my GOD. use it on who. or whenever maintenance is. it comes out today i think. im not in my big server anymore. y did no one send it. time to never play genshin again .. and that was near pity. i thought him ulting me would kill him. would have a hard time killing him tho. i was trading not bad vs him too. ya lillia is really bad against people that can just run her down. and only took 1 shot. sat in their lane. this fuckin kayn man. "why warwick so fed". with the adc diff. lmfao you started it didnt you?. mf started bullying me first. thats what im sayin. ah ive missed this game. watch out. braum jungle op on this patch. is it the far range one. swain w is impossible to aim. ok were testing this. u wouldnt even need to split if u have space delimiter. ok ill write it out and check xd. just make the user input a space lul. what about for 11 and 12 and so on. so id actually be able to do 30 = thirty if it were sandwiched between two numbers. id just split the input. so that answered my question of what would happen if i wanted a 10 within a set of numbers. split is goated. also for the emoji converter i just discoverd split. which is another operation that ur computer needs to do. yea but u have to convert for every number. isnt it easier to write out tho than to " " every individual number. converting it is an unnecessary step in the whole scheme of things. he did use "2" = two so that he didnt have to convert it from a string to an int. also when i looked at the answer for the number converter. yea dictionary. @cum jester the emoji converter was p much what we did for 1 = one yesterday. bro that is crazy wtf. i want to choose my champion. im sick of aram. fuck it. Wanna play wildrift?. What the fuck do I do with myself now. Why this Reddit blackout have to happen when I finish class. something something meta fiction. ur english teacher is a gamer. my first year english teacher made us play that shit and i was not expecting it to end the way it did. cadral is playing doki doki literature club lmfao. yea sad and crazy. thats crazy. bruh imagine your season ending like this. @cum lord we goin?. I got class at 2:30. Might be more questionable than cum lord possibly getting shown. At least the walking duck gif isn’t the most recent message. God i hope the matos acuna comp is accurate. Corbin carroll is a rookie btw. Is it the big project one. But I kinda don’t care anymore. They found some bugs. It was alright. Would’ve been hella funny if I showed cum lord in front of everyone. How was ur presentation. And I almost instinct alt tabbed to this server in front of my professor. You @d me in the middle of a presentation. Look what happens in the last inning. i can play like 2-3. @cum king u still down?. im in catan game rn. I’ll be back in a bit. now i try other restaurants too. $6 worth. so i tried it and got hella LOL. the reviews for the falafel place said good portion size. from this one shop near me. oh yea. try the app. Say less. Tmrw night mayhaps. where. all that was 6$. not wrong. i bet its yummy doe. @cum king wild cumming?. purchase the video game and play with us. I was thinking of getting it. Is helldivers good?. @cum goodnight. helldivers?. did this man pick sion mid vs a lilia. oh god its the kayne again. unless you dont wanna play her. lmfao we can try it. i guess it was the dream blue kayne game. one shot 3 of them. what even happened. cant vc tho. @cum king wanna run a few?. Dam 7 leaves taro good. Fuck the stupid smelly nerds. Na i agree with him. there's a download button tho . It’s the korean guys fault tbh. ready. after this. where my invite. R these kaisa builds legit? . talm bout. i forgot league has music. refund it. sorry its only 46 degrees. all of these filthy azns!!11. i hate that guy. harry's hearing things . 2-0 against Mickey pondo. That dude kicked my ass. Ok I think im done for now. Sweaty ass mf. yea it is. I swear climbing is slower than it used to be. we gotta hit challenger. Probably playing against children. we might be the platnium rank goats. he had a whole ass IE over me. You know what I meant tho. lmao when i died to him bot i didnt realize he had more gold than me. Wtf autocorrect pls. Sweaty ass Yasu’s. i rly shitted on that aatrox in lane tho. i thought my fucking knockup kills the snowball bruh. shit does so much damage. i rly thought i was fed enough to solo baron. tried something new and dont rly like it. boba not worth. Am I too late. Viper finally has a team. get the boba in a separate bag. buy one for the fridge tmrw. Getting a xl to get my moneys worth. you should beg ppl in front of you to let you cut them in line. Crying. No boba shop is like this in sf. jack in the box boba is good. go to jack in the box. Its like this every day istf. your addiction. dang theyre just preying on your desparation. I just want some boba. Its just the only shop open. bruh then leave. Not rly. is it worth the wait. thats crazy. wtf is orobae. Why is the line so fucking long at 915. I fucking hate orobae man. very sad to read this sister. very sad to read this brother. Very sad to read this sister. Very sad to read this brother. What times. we do not care you fucking cat. This plat rank. “Couldve ended through bot”. Kept typing. i reported the yuumi for inting. I watched a vid saying tankmo op. sometimes the top builds are on crack tho. Top player builds that. you picked him. Teemo so boring. They make the game so easy. doesnt matter cause tibbers can jump your ass again. Its so annoying. bro annies fucking tibbers reactivation is beyond broken. Mf literally jaja’d at our face. fucking el chalaco. but the comms. Cant vc rn tho. @cum queen tmr hit balls with clubs. bro theyre twins. Ill ping when done. Just started aram. harry a coward for that. Ur not broke u just have all ur money in the bank. ye thats right. !rob @cum herald. The ball landed on: black 28! No Winners :(. cool. i met up with drake. me wrist dying. the Bad Seasons. do i still watch those. im gonna spend the day watching game of thrones . Just saw it lol. why was soler's 2022 so shit. Franchise saved. we must do what the 49ers couldnt. Like what place needs “city” in its name. Its like the mayor got sick of ppl calling it a small town and was like guys lets put city in our fucking name so ppl know. Mlb tried to do the same. Totally forgot royals from kc. What about when the giants beat the royals. I hope california turns red the next election cycle fuck him. They r in the cuts with the government how else would u explain this. Nfl created a fake city to artificially form a new super power after brady retired conspiracy. Fakest city ever, what city had city in its name. Like i dont even know a single person from there. Is kansas city even a real city. Haven’t felt the happiness of a superbowl win since last year. As a lifelong chiefs fan I am overjoyed. Currently reading the 100t c9 post match discussion to ease the pain. Still depresso espresso but at least i have the 100t vs c9 vod to fall back on. White I mean right power. why dont you want to be the left?. Can I be um the right one. didnt think discord had it in em to represent equally. i didnt think that it would show up like that. tbh. who's black in this situation. trying a form i'm not used to yet. my swing was shit too. and i did not have the patience to actually work on it. my swing was shit today. my hand was fucking bleeding. and we found like half of one that someone left. but 144x4 is a bit too many for 3 ppl. well the quadruple ball value is back on the menu. if you wanted to come. i feel like u know the plays gonna be 5-7 yd dump off to kittle. and defenders are allergic to his vicinity. and then 4th quarter comes. i dont understand how kelce can have 1 target in the first half. Pissed me off. And mahomes just dinks it here and there for like 7+ yards each. Was so annoying watching all those mf incompletions for the 49ers. But hes injured. I think. and torn achilies mean gg next season too. dre greenlaws contract up no extension. Purdy is 2026. Idk when aiyuk payday is but its soon. dodgers type of shit. if this amount of talent doesnt win at least one chip. how long does this team stay together. Sick of this shit. Im not watching football next season. this is the price for that aiyuk catch. I think he had like 2 targets. Well before that. kittle injured shoulder. I dont rly understand. lots of injuries to key players too. Pass game wasnt it today. felt the game shift. 3 straight 3 and outs. but yea completely abandoning it was not ideal. 4th and 2 manageable. tbf chiefs defended the run pretty well. Like dude 3rd and around 5. Especially with mahomes on the other side. needs to learn from dan gamble. Shanahan not aggressive enough on 3rd/ fourth downs. and the entire team is guess. the fucked up punt return tilted me. that 3rd quarter was a complete disasterclass. thats true. but so many opportunities wasted. mahomes gonna mahomes at the end of the game. their defense wasnt even that bad. blast him into the sun like team rocket. steve wilks fired for sure. I stg jet sweep every fucking play and they win the game. So weird he didnt run a single time in 2 possessions in the 3rd. Boom chiefs have the ball on the niners 15. Right in front of the chiefs end zone. And then their defense forced another 3 and out. worked at the end when they just ran it, but too little too late. offense was not working when they tried to force throws. just for a 4 and out. Interception into great field position. So many chances. Chiefs instead of kicking it go for it again and score. Maybe he hits the extra point. Who knows. Moody missing extra point. Better luck next year. What the fuck. I have never seen that shit before. Niners saw the ravens lose and wanted to copy that shit. Run the ball?. Only usher song i know is dj got us falling in love again. Like that foles touchdown. The balls to call that play tho. That shit floated up there for a little too long. Imagine his throw got intercepted for a pick 6. Rip. rip achilles of that one guy. Oh it’s a show. Dude won dpoy and still confuses him with his brother. Hope its nothing bad. Saw that. did someone tear a hamstring. Halo show looks sick. bro might win. with the way the game's going. Dude i saw on twitter this one dude put $500 on a bet saying there will be 0 td’s. Need offense to not choke. Yea I never doubted. slightly curved to the right. he's 6'3. how tall r u. I hate how accurate this is. brother reveal. Your Deoxys gained 100 EXP!. @cum king wade is 3/3 with 3 walks. Sas just said on national tv that nothing about butler standsout except his heart. Standard i think. Wait didn’t we do rpx for Guardians? Or am I trippin?. If u guys dont want then we can do 3pm standard. Im tryna watch it in mega hd. Whats rpx again. 2:30 or 3:00?. Showtimes for the 11th. I hope its not packed. We can buy tickets tmr. i dont know tbh. When ru coming back. watch without me. unless we wanna wait for @cum king. maybe 11th. R we gonna watch on the 10th. I should’ve sniped it. We would probably get shit on. one or two jumps and my legs give out. They play vertically. bro i dont think i can even run half the court without getting tired. They open at 5. We can play pick up. with the ball. and then we ball. unless you want to wait for the ball first. idek if the ball is going to arrive. we hoop tomorrow. my i was building my sisters pc so i didnt see this message. I got the message. I think disc heard me. catching strays. Dude my friend actually got his tag @haxor. You don't have enough candy_cane to give!. please gift me. Their moms gone bruh. Not tryna handle some balls coming at me 100mph. Idk if hes raw or not. Theres an old man sitting here and another dude practicing his serves. I hear the balls. They all speak cantonese. get in their heads. start talking shit. But they can hit back. Na we didnt play games, just rally. lol were you expecting to stomp them?. Also the old dudes at the rec r good. I was the only one in the shop. Literally. how inconsiderate. youre holding someones table. Im chilling in the restaurant. I jist went to get some pho at irving lol. thats crazy. to play some old timers. bro you waited 2 hours. I waited all this time for the pingpong place to open, the old ppl better show up. Hunter greene could never. He can locate the high 90s too. It doesnt move much. His slider is only good cus it was 92. as a starter. i feel like he was insane cause he threw 100+. dude is gonna be so average if he throws 93. Hes gonna come back throwing 93. yea he still gonna throw hard af. This his second tj. and then he gets hurt again. Over or under degrom throws 95 when he comes back. Fucking kids have summer basketball camp in there. The new hours they opem at 5 ima KILL MY SELF. Rec center better not be closed. of witnessing greatness. @cum queen ima head down in 20 mins if u wanna come. Ima drop by and see if there r ppl playing pingpong. i have class till 2:20. All I’m saying is black falcon def wanted to do that episode to make out with his friend. I did not know what it was about. @cum king remember when u wanted to watch that. My uc email name was taken so i just picked my school looop. Dont rly know whats going on. The rollout is weird. @cum queen i might go to sunset rec after 2 today if u wanna come. how come they get to pick name before me. wait how. Thats my last straw im quitting discord and moving to slack. These usernames. at least hadorl responded within 5 business days. gotta be the dreamer i guess. easiest way to clean ur fingers is by putting them in my mouth. hardol hate train. easiest to clean my fingers. but if you were to pick one up how would u hold it. i eat pickles sliced and in burger only. Also this Spider-Man album is stacked wtf. this is why harry deserves to get hate. answer the damn question harry. HOLY FUCK driving 5 hrs is long. also IM BACK. pickles aren’t gross . at least that means more pickle for me. shame on u angel u r cringe. pickles r gross. the dreamer and intellectual. @everyone please respond. | zjeof! You ate a candy cane from snoog. Yum! :notepad_spiral: zjeof completed the quest Receive 1 :cupcake: or from another player and received: 3x , 8,000!. anyone got a candycane, cupcake or gingerbread man for me?. This vid is pretty funny. heat won??. How the court looking. Just arrived @cum queen. Im leaving now lol. lmk when you leave the lot. ill bring both. yea if the court is full we can throw. I have my glove too if u wanna throw. I got nothing else to do. its just you and me. yea hes not coming. Hes prob eating dinner. If he wants to come @cum pedophile. he can ball in his pjs. U still wanna today ?. we ballin today and tomorrow?. Dont know what to do. The movie got me shook. what the. Im still in the lot. i have settled down already. We can just ball rn. always prepared. yea ofc. you gonna move me off the court and throw a blanket over me>. i can put you to sleep on the court. court floor too hard. bro just nap on the court with us. its how i survive work. this guy usually goes home and naps i think. Does yan get off by then?. What time does ur class end. we can shoot some tomorrow. he has to be home by now. he lives like 5 min away from stones. wish i had yan's location. yea he is. Hes prob home alr. but i wanted to ball with yan too  . U wanna shoot around or wat. what a homie. Na we parted. In my car. Im still at stones chilling. Im down to shoot a luttle nownif u want. @cum lord you wanna ball tomorrow after my class?. is that not waht it was?. make out basketball was not the deal. Fuck I can’t type. I wanna play make up basketball with you yan. We just finished. @cum queen do u wanna play basketball or anything. ;open legendary box. We’re in the theater already. The seats adjacent were taken. If y’all are going out after I’ll make it. Which seats you guys get?. Pick up?. What you guys doing after. But we r sitting right at the front. 230 movie if u wanna come. We r at stones avout to watch guardians. Good morning everyone. Ill be at the theaters. @cum pedophile u wanna get tickets first. and it makes me so mad. kenny's always fashionably late. Didnt pick up. Just called him. Bro is prolly still shleeping. At the field. R u at the park. Should we call him. I just parked @cum pedophile. did u guys even check to see if kenny is awake. Running a few min late. I am there. On irving all the way at the beach. Blackbird bookstore and cafe. are you there already?. 40 min for kenny to make it too. So u wanna throw a little , grab lunch, then go?. Whens the showing. At stonestown?. trynna watch after frisbee?. I dont even remember what the last marvel movie i saw. are you caught up on the other ones?. have you watched the guardians of galaxy 3?. bouta go to house. Thats it. uhhh we sorta dont have a ball. whos bringing the basketball?. I might be there early kinda wanna get out of the house. Pitchers fault. Shouldn’t have given up the homer tbh. Nice try. The inside is closed tho. and its sunset rec right?. i might not get there until 12;30. watch this. I was thinking that. Not trynna play on a full stomach. food after we play?. This dudes a monster and not even projected to go 1. That way we cluld get food. What time. Id fucking take myself out of the game if i were the pitcher. @cum king i just watched a highlight of a college baseball game. grounder to second right between the dudes legs, walk, flyball that the left fielder didnt even have to move pops out of his glove, then grand slam. Wheneever, does anyone else wanna come. wakin up in the mornin. @cum lord what time tomorrow?. lil bit of cum. farting n shitting rn on g. u can just call me over and hit my balls instead. hit some balls. you want to go to a cage?. Soto is not staying. Boegarts ops 725 machado 635. Padres r fucking ass. boutta eat some freakin hamburg steak. Yoooo who wants to get some dessert. and eat it up. i will stew u into a soup. my tofu stew house. And its literally in the name. in the early 90s two brothers set out on a culinary journey in order to provide to us customers the best korean cuisine they could offer. I wanted tofu stew. how could u betray brothers like this. are u at tofu house. i just pick it up and eat it. How do i eat that. u ever had the ball go into the slot and bounce out and go into another slot. Some fhckers were farming it. But when i went to taiwan. nah u just sick with the geometry. So my luck is decent when i play. isnt pachinko just dropping a ball. Its fun tho. and lost. i went 9/1/26 as ali. @cum lord i am extremely close to uninstalling again. saw an udon place that looks good. Cafe bunn mi is in the richmond. Both brunch places are near ggp. I’m good with anything. Uhh any cuisines we don’t want?. what eat tmrw. dudes gonna pitch total 10 games for the team. honestly pretty criminal. degrom makes 18% of rangers payroll. the new new age goat. now thst imthinking about it, mookie might end up better than trout. stras and corbin. And I’m washed af. These games are legit unbelievable. @cum lord bro I’m actually hardstuck. i finally finished one. The mariners r first place. icex258 please come back. f this. @cum goodnight. @cum goodnight. perhaps some gay sex too. @Deleted User sunday park activities?. nvm it looks like i'm about to finish in like 10mins. who's taking a luwill carry rn. instead of ANGEL. so blame me for our delayed play. waiting on you guys. its updated. @cum goodnight please update your video game. we forting night. we can just get food or smth. we dont have to. @cum jester do you really wnt to park sunday. Sigh. i won 2 ranked games how am i not emerald yet. im down to play rn @cum king. stream the fortnite gameplay. ok i have ctene in an hr so itll probably be pretty late ( ' - ' ). @cum jester @cum goodnight @cum queen fortnite later tn? new chapter :). @cum jester my DA made it to 232 off wongstraunt. ima play thresh. we can norm?. they sent me to fucking gold. are you too high rank for me lmfao. o. @cum lord im a switcha cct. @cum lord wr??. I’m getting that shit as soon as I get back. It’s time. do u wanna run the carry rn. @cum herald are you out. What the fuck man. How tf are top4 mvp candidates on those teams. I fucking hate braves and dodgers. that braves offense is absurd. olson has 108 rbis already lmfao. math too hard u right. Betts 164 ops+, freeman 162, acuna 162, olson 155. That shit is just math. or the sql equivalent. I see some tiktoks about some tech company and quant interview questions and i realize that im never getting a tech job. but it's upwards. Also didnt the giants just play the braves?. Dam its 5 mins from my house. apparently its most popular salon in oc. Some still think hes getting 10/500. Just not what everyone was expecting. Nah he’s still getting huge money. trout literally just came back from the il today too ... just to get sent back to the il. no way this is true right? surely even with a torn ucl, he gets more than 8yrs/225. which salon did you go to. pretty good. @cum herald hows your perm btw. i garauntee that chapman wiill blow at least 1 home game. i forgot he was a mariner before. win every home game and lose every away. just have home field in the postseason. also there is no way the rangers are a serious contender if they cant even break 500 on the roadd. whos mr 100. and mr 100. sold their cloer. werent the mariners selling?. but yea rangers i thought were in the clear. searttle is smurfing. cubs came out of nowhere tbh. and are now smurfing. dbacks did a bit of trolling. and now theyre all in it. cubs too. i forsure thought seattle and the dbacks were out of the playoff race at the allstar break. its crazy. with seattle catching up. that division is so close. hes been insane though. unless he goes on abarry bonds type streak. he missed time too. seager. i feel like no other al player is close. there goes his mvp campaign. Something rly bad. Already has 3 hits. Cohen disasterclass signing. darin ruf 143 ops+. That one fucker. and longo and posey. 141 ops+. despite his career being sub 100. crawford decided to have like a 130 ops+ season. He was literally 4th in mvp voting. I cant wait for the next kyle harrison start. so many random players popping off. that season was so fun to watch tho. and then get out of it. he would get in trouble a lot i remember. And so we had a closer committee thing going on. cause that was the 107 win season. i thought he was lights out. When he wasnt the closer and giants had closer by committee. I remember he was shaky when he was first with the giants a couple years ago. but i feel like i havent seen a rough patch like this from him before. In the elbow. And didnt he hit someone yesterday. yea im sure hell be fine. not way higher but def higher. probably way higher after walks today. thats nuts. holy 1.55 fip. I just saw this tweet. And two back to back terrible ones. Jist a few bad appearances. I think hes been pretty good second half. also whats up with my boy doval. And he proceeds to flame canyon at the end. cool that the guy knew who he was after he revealed. maybe he likes the latinas. Theshy part is funny. those sidesteps are not silver. This shit pretty funn. I hope it sounds good . Cus my other keyboard glows too and it gets kinda bright at night lol. Its all good then. That idk . Cus it glows even when my computer is sleep. But it there like a quick command to turn it off. Good glad we can agree on that. Na it looks cool purple. It doesn’t have to stay purple. Wait you can change it I totally forgot about that. makes me want to write an essay rn. do not question what my wpm is. my raw wpm is insane. it sounds nice. Dam i didnt know it glows purple. SOUND TEST. Oh wow that combo is solid. u can use any online keyboard tester. also test to see if ur keys work. how it sound. Dam im dumb i didnt know theres a bottom layer. Fucking finally. The floss is too wide. I wasnt paying attention. it looks so free with the floss. Its over. The floss doesnt work. String time. Same with the delete. The other one is the right one fucj. There r twi. I didnt know. might be a wacky keyboard tho. swear | goes next to ]. idt those keys even go there?. Cant take them out. That r not the same height. Those keys. Yea guess ill do that. right ctrl?. do u have function key. Still dont know wtf to put here. still might be able to tbh. I got the pick ones. I dont got the string floss. and go under the key. Did i put them in wrong. In the back. Whys it different height. The backslash. But the keycap is on the right way right. Idnt think so. there wasnt one in the mount box?. How do i take it out without a took. So i put a key the wrong way. Thats the biggest super. Or is that small?. Is this right?. Is it same as “super”. Whats code. What agoyt up here. It’s only gonna be control and alt I think. They in the under layer. For code and alt. Theres only one space. there should be a longer alt. Use the big control and the big alts. is it the same size. Theres a whole ass more. All base sets should come with 2 diff size space bars. Holy fuck. tape the function keys together it'll work. Nothing under that tray??. The kit should come with one. Wtf is that. I think you need 7U space at. Do i put the Alt on the left white one?. @cum swirls papa help. i didnt install my spacebar right either. then the stabs go up and down and no more wiggle waggle. u gotta press down so they do. o. should line up. I cant fit it on. Thats the only space bar in the set. Is the spacebar too small?. any sound testers. make sure they IN THERE. Just pushes in smoothly. They dont snap on like the switches. Ngl i dont rly like the japanese on the keycaps. Took a while. Iust finished putting switches in. This is correct. but there's a tool. tbh i pried it off. You butchered that hard my guy. ryanheart. but the other tank shield. with winston laser beam. theres a characer. Even though my phone is at 30%. Installing in class. im already insane. basically overwatch 3v3 mobile. @cum king play t3 arena with me. this aint msi. this pain is what im used to. as an rng fan. he got foundation too. wtf is going on. @cum pedophile dude quickshot is wearing eyeliner i swear. i get auto locked and also deducted points. if youre gonna dock me points at least let me choose the team. whose dumbass idea was that. bruh i get 1 less point for pickem because it was late?. this pretty funny. Pretty sure he’s emoted more times than cs he has this game. Holy aphelios ult. vampires are inherently sexy. Quick shot looks like a flamboyant vampire. He’s been practicing singed in cq. Gp ult to turn that bot dive on sivir . Flashed to barrel no one. Impact even fucked that one flank. The gp last pick was so op. When they saw sett and sivir yuumi. Ornn ali for 4 5 pick. Ngl felt like mad counter picked themselves. Also I guess yuumi is all the AP you need. Short range ad win con against sivir gp. Need this point. I got auto locked in eg as well. How does mad play the game. Bruhhh pls no. Also the draft diff was so huge wtf. Honestly did not expect the sett pick to be good. nisqy double agent throwing for NA. Like when they started chasing nisqy. And then my data shits the bed right as the action started. I was watching on the bus. inspired baron steal. So pls. o. was eating. gank a lane at mach speed. thats true. idk the movespeed one probably. ....i regret clicking on the image. the caption of the tweet reads "wetdream". the face in the physical picture is of a famous youtuber named "Dream". i feel as though you have not quite observed and appreciated the image that i have sent before so i will send it once again. what starter pokemon are you choosing?. but real question tho. then dont go. vote yes to bait team. vote no on objectives to not disrupt my jg clear. dont even need to try with system giving me the optimal full clear into back until im 3 items. preseason is when i become a jungle secondary role. i do know that twitter were trolling that hes ugly tho lol. werent bitches going crazy over jack harlow and dream litearlly looks like a younger version. he looks like a generic white guy tbh lol. lmao its actually so funny to me that dream is getting hated on for his face reveal. this one is a nut and a half as a support. "Upon casting your ultimate you Transcend, increasing your maximum health by 10% for 9 seconds. While Transcended you and allies within 1200 range of you gain 25 non-ultimate Ability Haste. You and allies will also heal for 1.5% of your maximum health every 3 seconds, increased by up to 100% based on that champion’s missing health. Healing is doubled on yourself (90 second cooldown).". with a sucky suck dmg and healing. increased size too. Sion with the max hp one. these new tank mythics sound op. RoA with the free level up at 10 stacks. Spear of shojin is back. and sometimes all chat lol. listening to the comms is where its at. Tactical vs jkl. pretty sure you have to pay for that too. dont think so. is pve out for ow2?. is there even custom modes in the game?. maybe there's cool parkour maps to be played. then why would you preload the game. im very not interested in pvp. but tanks were busted. the playtest was literally ow1. did they make any changes. nah that was playtest. im down to try pve tho. wait i thought 5v5 was already released. there hasn't been anything regarding that. pve not sure if it's gonna be priced. and that's f2p. how much is it. i thnk only 5v5 releasing soon. download it pre-release so u dont have to download on release. wat does that mean. u wanna preload overwatch 2. @cum jester do u wanna play overwatch. bc everyone thought he was. i wish he was fat. you really typed that shit out. and saw that shit. i literally just closed a window to reveal this. glow up tho. that pic on the right was actually him? lmaooo. white guy with curly hair. 5 man sleep tho. Drx with the come back. But yea won’t make it. Thanks for the consideration :))). u know i have to ask as courtesy. i know u have school/work tmrw yan but. @cum queen @cum pedophile wanna throw frisbees tmrw. bcus theyre top ladder or something. mfs dont even talk just put their gameplay. brawlstars youtubers get hella views ngl gonna become a content creator. Msi champs vs teemo top. I love watching a good stomping. bruh you watched rng vs a wildcard team. #boycott. I will not watch worlds unless im in the same venue as the players breathing their air. @Deleted User wordls watch party????. Bad time to mental boom. Chad move. @cum lord Braves beat scherzer and degrom to take first in the east. thankfully no. just heard a silver scrapes remix from one of my parents wechat videos xd. ended the game with a 23k gold lead. with my tongue. but that wasnt the case, so im happy with the results. didnt want to get my hopes up in case the show ended up doodoo. just meant it in a wow its straight amazing. hahah i guess ive been using the word wrong then. this question was beyond your english comprehension skills apparently. you know what. pretty good. pretty - something is usually interpreted as not quite something. what are you talking about. but what is full amazing?. this doesnt answer my question in any way. so pretty happy that it did turn out to be amazing. i didnt know if it would be good or not. what would make it straight up "amazing". why not full amazing. why "pretty amazing". there was one episode but other than that not much. not a whole lot of fighting/action yet tho. but the pace of the show is still great. theres a time skip every episode. @cum pedophile hows house of dragons. drx out here farming kda. anyone wanna get fries at mcdonalds. only one game left today. nott hat im invited. anyone wanna watch worlds rn???. but it's also free to not play. ow2 f2p. another eg pause when theyyre getting smashed. hes p good. yea isnt their korean jungler insane. feel like if he was still on rogue they dont win eu. then their solo laners got legit gapped so hard. the game started so well. does she do lots of damage or something. a while back, but dont see anyone playing that combo. she was broken with taric. as far as i know. but with a whip. besides her little suck people around her thing. even in those team fights idek what she does. this game was worth the wait. better than trist?. when you couldve stopped before sending any one these . why just stop at imagine?. I can just imagine you slurping that shit out the tip. why do these sausages have filling?. stop sending me this. straight up finishing the day at 11. all of china will be awake for this epic match. finally the game we have all been waiting for. zac mid op confirmed?. ....ngl i read that as baby slut. hop in bday boy. ty ty. just so happens to be. It’s our favorite sluts bday??. thanks honey boo. @cum pedophile happy birthday my favorite slut. the rest of these games sleepers. what happened?. Yo what happened to league subreddit. finally. I WANT TO SEE SOME LEAGUE OF LEGENDS GAMEPLAY. MARKZ CALLS HIMSELF A NERD CAUSE HE KNOWS WHAT KELVINS ARE. I HAVE TO LISTEN TO THESE FUCKERS ARGUE ABOUT TEMPERATURE UNITS. guess i was wrong. bruh i really thought i would be able to watch this game before my class. na production. holy this delay. was also thinkinn rat. andi already paid 8k to see it. Cus of covid. Finals is gonna have 3 players total on stage. fnatic pause too strong. CAN THIS FUCKING GAME START MAN. i think im the rat mouse thing. which one am i. idk some wildcard team. g2 ust farmed that group. who is the last team. is first one groups. fake news. the library wifi blocks discord chat. i just wanna have a watch party so i can eat pizza. fool. they not playing. wait the tournament started already?. even tho he has facial hair. remember that time you though the black bride guy emoji was not a dude. its not what it looks like. dont trust what you see on the interwebs. they got u... actin up?. Actually got me. Those lyrics are whack. @cum pedophile remember that time I used a sticker and you started tripping. It’s a real Kodak black lyric dude. sexy time. Turn back time to when you didn’t send those messages. Wtf is going on. want you to have my kid. Certified. live action. why dont you lookintomyass. Yo lookism is getting an animated adaptation. idk tho. maybe they are just high for now? to see if anyone will buy at this price. ithought with more tickets being added that they would get cheaper. the seats are even more expensive. i think AWS is also a desired skill to know. but ive never really put the effort to try. ya the stuff is easy as fuck i feel. otherwise we can think something else up (but the more projects done the merrier). think for the most part just setting up a website with a frontend and a connected backend is sufficient enough. down, but no idea what to do. are u gonna try to get resell tickets if they drop?. but still annoying. i used a burner email. Idk if they have a delete account option. for random websites that ill only use once or twice. i hate making random accounts. had to make this shit account. Time to buy some kpop concert tickets. Now I have a random Ticketmaster account. even that is expensive af. i might buy. if prices drop to $250ish each. Watch party?. but i think majority of tickets went on sale today. there were 2. Where you have to sign up and they email a code. the mastercard and verified fans. Apparently there was a presale thing. Feel bad for those people. Facts!!. at least we arent like the people who booked plane tickets and hotel rooms and couldnt get tickets. fuck this. sure ill play 1 more. @cum king wanna play when ur done. doesnt matter if its 4 adcs. stg every adc rolled in aram gets picked. Didnt split the entire game. print("The temperature is", temp). show code. also did u print it out. its ok we can come back to it later lul. if u wanna set bounds, random.randrange(lower, upper). cuz i wanted to random.randomint(0,11). i did import random and nothing happened. then do random.random() for a random number. or. it's random(). read the documentation. o. and i need help using the random number generator in python. im learning to code for fun. what up. just played aggressive asf. and he wasnt good he hung so many pieces. Prolly wasn’t even good, I’m just worse. trexxon my fave. just played with a dude named Trexxor @cum king. he was an omega chad. yea yan rematched him and lost LOL. “Am i the very best youve faced”. Who tf does that. Yan was getting flamed on chess.com?. what's his elo. Yea fr. this is like that one guy that trashtalked yan. Bro had me nonplussed. Tom holland was there. didnt know he only had 8. so is tom holland there too?. til shes from oakland. shes a warriors fan. wish i was chess tbh. im in chess rn tho. or do u wanna run it down in ranked again. bbiq of a lobotomized seagull. fucking poole. dumbass foul. thompson on a roll. nobody even knows your name. how you gonna get a tech as an assistant coach. lethroat stuffer. goat shooter tbh. Why this shit just come up on my feed. Apparently. Is that the guy?. apparentyl he was kicked out for academic reasons. This mf dam. he was a student. mr stabs has been caught. The teams sexyness lvl just went down. Kinda fucked up for tenacity. Lmao he’s back. With embid back. 76ers got shit on wtf. Also i didnt know minecraft has a unique username system. yea nobody cares about the number suffix. The id system is better. But the reasoning for this change is pretty shit. I saw it for sale on a website after it was sniped. Lmao the @ now belongs to some crypto shit. but there's always a market. buying handles is cringe!. But fuck it we ball. I was gonna give him back like $300 cus i felt bad. And he tried to send me shit through cashapp. Kinda funny cus then my main got banned on twitter so he couldnt even msg me back. And it got sniped by a bot. I had @traits on twitter and sold it for $1k amd the dumbass tried to manually swap the @ to his main. I didnt wamma keep paying for nitro. what hhappened to bts server. I want a nice handle to have then maybe i can sell it. when they switching. why you so worried about your handle lmao. Well i thanks to my mobile fps gaming friends who all switched from palringo to discord in 2015 . Or if some ppl will find some workaround and grab all the rare users with bots. I winder if the system of old accounts first will actually work. definitely in the top %s tho. I feel like acclunts made in 2015 arent that rare. Idk if i can get my last name actually. aint no way someone takes snoog right. My account is decently old. I wanna go for aaron but i think i can grab my last name pretty safely. bc they're letting u choose based on how old ur account is. hope no one else takes it by the time it's your turn. How can i steal @aaron. Discord switching to @ usernames and removing the #. yea cant go wrong with react, but i hear angular is fun as well tho not as widely used. backend u gotta learn how to store shit. @cum herald if u wanna only do front end should be easy. You was to busy playing wr. Dude couldn’t miss in the first half. Eyla scarred for life. I knew he got 30-20 but didn’t know he was good efficiency too. AD 30 points 23 reb 5 assists 4 blocks on 11-19 shooting dam. Eyla shit talks back and says its personal. Bro. He looks so disappointed. Bro. Klay looking a little different. watch party anyone????. #LeNotMyGoat. #PooleParty. changing the subject. but just didnt realize that thats how he came across. like he would come across as overconfident to the point of arrogance. Kinda reminds me of nate. a little odd but definitely driven and smart. yea dude was cracked. He was fulltime swe while taking classes. also graduating at age 20. like amazon internship and stuff. yea he was in hella stuff. The student who was stabbed seemed like a rly smart dude. Idk someone from archery club. Who wins. nah hes hunting the stabber. But dam that archery dude fr got his ass called on. harry voice. Yea ppl freaking out. shit is boring af. just hope they catch his ass. its all guessing at this point. idk tho. very possible tbh. Wonder if hes a student. so he just goes out at night and finds someone to stab. they just found the body the next day. i think the first one they dont even know what time it happened. Not as late as i thought. 9ish?. How late was the second one?. i have walked in that park alone at night. Wrong place wrong time :(((. but even then the kid was heading home from an award ceremony so its not like a normal routine so idk. unless he stalked him and knew the route he takes home. cause it was like pure chance the kid was biking through the area. the second one seems the most random. but apparently he was homeless too. the first one was a pretty well known guy. in scouting out his targets. idk how thorough the dude is. Make their own tent. bait his ass. just so happens that homeless ppl fit that. just anyone that is alone and easy to attack. he doesnt seem to really have a target demographic. why tho. he stabbed some lady sleeping in her tent?. yea they saw his ass lurking. yea cops are not responsive. yea this article talks about it. but they didnt come until the call after the stabbing. like apparently yesterday someone called the cops hours before. i think the cops are always a bit late. We need all the criminology majors to band up and track him. How is the dude so evasive. cowardly bitch. aint so fun when its fair fight. call the police but not for me meme. and we fight to the death. then im gonna pull my own knife. im gonna go outside tonight and bait his ass. Idk they prob have their sword in a case. Someone on the fencing team gonna be arrested for going to club. what if it was a wig the whole time. what if he just straightens his hair tho. For just sitting or biking around. Yea i see ppl commenting that curly hair lightskin ppl r getting weird looks and the police called on them. so maybe thats him. saw a post that someone spotted a matching description even with the clothes in the arboretum. yea they dont have time to properly assess da height. but i feel like ppl will report even if the height isnt a match. get the cops called on you for bearing a passing resemblance to the dude. must suck to be hispanic with curly hair. they be reporting everything. yea ppl are really on edge. Theres a k drama that talks about dandelion chocolate in sf. (harry voice). My class got moved online. R u going to class. Bad day to be hispanic with curly hair. Similar description as the second stabbing. The suspect was said to be "a light-skinned male, possibly Hispanic, 5’-7” to 5’-8” tall, 19-23 years of age, with long curly loose hair.". Oh idk why I was thinking of civilians going out in groups as well. They had police from sac and woodland too. At around 12:30. Saw a cop car on every block of L st. Me and my friends were out. according to kcra. Lots of cops. How many people were on that man hunt. I was up till like 5 just watching police report updates. Last night was crazy. Idk tho. Maybe she has more?. Yea but that was over 911 call. from what i read. only gave what he was wearing. Which I think she did. Perhaps the latest victim can give more info if they survive. Shit is crazy. Rightfully so. i think u'd also tune in if you ran the risk of getting stabbed at any given time. i think you can do that anywhere. yea for the latest info. ty . Davis is such a small city, id never expect shit like this to happen. People are tuning into the davis pd radio?!???. @cum king stay safe my queen. ppl just post on the subreddit. hard to understand what they say lol. R u listening to the davis pd radio thing. im home. R u outside or at home?. this shit is wild. experiencing a crime documentary firsthand. and now i hear sirens. literally just seen a tip about a suspect in a park nearby. Comeback player of the year. its week 5 for us. Bellinger is batting 295 with a 962 ops btw. Where nothing is happening and ppl just study lol. Instruction ended last week, this week is “dead week”. Wait that early?. I forget how different quarter and semester is. Since week one is start of april. Actually might be week 5. how many weeks in a quarter. I think week 6ish?. so its really up to students. i dont think school has announced anything official. Everyone is gonna be prepared with pepper spray. In that shopping plaza. Its next to co op. wait where even is that. Apparently they just renovated. Cece and i went to that bakery pretty often. ya that was on reddit too. someone said he was in tercero. I also saw that this happened. some misinformation about where the dude was. shit was goingcrazy. I heard they stopped and didnt find anything. yea they had a manhunt last night. Crazy whats going on. Some troll posts amogus cock. Third stabbing in davis. What happened to kd. old guards reminding the kids they still own the place. Yea it’s pretty close. Isnt the park near ur house too. Yea i heard hes a 4th year cs major. sure might not be able to talk tho. That’s kinda crazy. Ok just found out the student who died was in a couple of my classes. Cancel this dude. Spreading false info. This dudes stat isn’t even right. Holy shit you’re right. So not as obvious as it may seem. To be fair giants hit many hrs and suck. Still remember him trying to pioneer the stat that the team who hits more homers wins more. Dude is so cringe. U should play that whiffle ball with kobe. I don’t really trust to catch routine flies. Revenge in playoffs. Even the dudes. But my team is ass. Yea they’re not. I forget the Indian guy. They werent that good tbh. O ya the twins. That one big Indian dude. Those white twin brothers. Definitely a few familiar faces. Oh really?. Who also graduated. It was just me and the other chinese dude. My team sucked last year. And our girls are automatic outs. Co rec requires alternating boy and girl for at bats. Full truth tho our team sucks donkey cock. In the playoffs?. Like the white dude. But a lot of the same peeps from your team last year. Idk if it’s the data science team. Is it the data science club team?. Ider if that’s how you spell it. Lost to coby in softball. I am not mentally. he has abs. he's fine. U good @cum king? i heard there’s a couple of stabbing in davis. #warriorsiwin. Game 7 watch party?. Whoever wins today is not making it past the lakers. His insta post is better. Will corey seager end his career and the greatest shortstop ever?. @cum goodnight gn sweetums. then he does L=1 and just combines it. and that is just S. na i think cus he includes the L=0 check first. on the bottom right. i just dont know why the order of expansion thing has 2 S at the begining and not 1. like doing all the steps takes so much space and time. idk a lot of graph stuff was just tediuos. not rly. is it hard?. o. but i forgot most graph theory i learned. i dont think so. last in first out type thing. tree search. search thing. machine learning?. no wtf is that. of it. and like order of expansion. @cum king do u remember doing iterative deepening search. wanted to kill folks. whats up. @cum genshinerhonkaier ia m hom e now. dodgers and braves both lose in first round. @cum herald idk if you're home but inner ability sunday. @cum goodnight are u home. i remember he was touted as the lebron of baseball when he first came up. Over the span of the tournament he went 12-12 with 11hrs. He played in a tournament 250ft fences. When harper was 12. Harper played college ball as a high school jr. Just pitch better is he stupid?. is that good?. 6 runs on 1 out. yea thats sad. Also didnt know felix bautista has been gone. I didnt realize so many stars gone for next year. this guy is getting clobbered. Post season :??. Regular season : hall of fame. Dude just sucks ass in the postseason. Kershaw is so funny. How tf u go from freeman to 50hr olson. well they also lost. I hate the braves the most. 5-0 and kershaw hasnt gotten an out. they are getting a train ran on them rn. fuck the dodgers. dude was out by a mile. that gunnar henderson steal was something. Bochy gonna out manage that orioles bum. Hate those fuckers more than the dodgers. God someone please beat the Astros. That was all sf. Bruh the rangers orioles game showed a stat that Bochy has won 12 of his last 13 postseason series. go but you have to be dressed as sukuna. Should i go. Quickslash charm. how's he swinging so fast. This guy is nuts. i tried ground pounding that exact spot too. what the heck am i doing. this ansel kid thinks we wanna see his boring hollow knight stream. I think your spelunky mechanics are making this game too easy for you. the guy u get ground pound from. The floaty dude?. how's dinner :p. bro im playing hollow knight. did they catch the guy. Yea I heard. penith . @cum goodnight. i havent played. idk about it. @cum queen he's back. Literally gonna be collecting dust tho. @cum goodnight lmk when oyu back. hes getting his sandwich. justlookl up whataburger patty melt. so i dont wanna take a pic its gonna look wet. im doing maplestory bosses. im ngl im not even eating it. i'll drive over with the usb. PLAY IT AND STREAM IT RIGHT NEOW. 1000 unplayed paid games. a burger. what. free to CLAIM UNTIL OCTOBER 13. its the newest standalone. play this one. even then it's like 5 bucks. right. on ebic rn. its free. till they forced mojang migration. was using my brother's account. i didnt buy it till recently kevin. esp if it's minced. buy what. hate that hoe. froppy is TOO ratty. They havent caught the dude. A girl was walking along a bike path on campus around 730 i think and was pulled into the bushes and raped. no what. U guys hear whats happening in davis rn. play some mha. then i come. im finishing up a level in human fall flat. @cum goodnight. lets forniteee. Forget I asked to play.. holy fuck she is loud!!!!!!!!!. my mom on the phone should be the national warning sound. ok im back but i should cap coins in maplestory teehee. idek if the other 2 are alive. if u all congregate before i come just play mh if u want to i'm fine with watching. stay out of this. ur mom and i have so much in common. yes she's at work. is yo mama really up. is this true angel. only real ones up. That’s not good. mentally i can do this all day. physically i am tired. so i had too much coffee yesterday. No reason. But I was promised 190+. Damn that’s good. closest i got was 189. lets play later @cum queen aboutta go bowling. @cum jester i just need clown carry now. @cum jester i just went into chicken and got dc'd LUL. its a skill issue LOL. how long did u last tho. was that a 30min fight. also all my gear expires tonight xd. ok fine 90% of the time. its always as+1 ideal LUL. ideally want as+1. or buff duration +50%. for DA would u do attack +30. ok u right i do that then. right. thought u were doing shade. actually hmmm. i was gonna event burn the hayato tbh. crit dmg if u havent already. should i just give that to my illium. with night troupe theres a 200 tera burninator item. do u have debuffs or anything. ew my ied is 80. right. idk stat because im a DA XD. at least ~90 ied. but u can get away with like 6k stat. and nodes. whats ur range for 3 door. can u cra carry me when ur free LOL. yea i tried playing on my phone. goated. Couldnt fucking click shit on mobile. What game is that. Cause I really need to get 200 now. I hate you for showing this to me. i only played like 10 times. ok im sleep gl gaming both of u. highest i've heard was 186o. no u can get 200 i think. what the. on their little boats. yea they go to docks and steal engines. i blame the fuel emissions from the pirates in oakland. IT IS HOT. why it so dang hot. the perfect 10/10 game is chess. but when u pop off. takes practice 4 sho. u can it just reduces time. highest i got was 157 :(. i recommend turning on color blind mode. it's lit. it's a browser games where u click where matching tiles would intersect. what is that. the best game ever is called. come here. @cum goodnight ABORT DAUNTLESS DOWNLOAD. Didnt expect it to be all english. Song pretty good too. The video is sick. Giant Renekton Doran in the worlds video made me laugh. @cum jester bruh i accidentally closed discord and i didnt know. no i need to leave this house asap. definitely a league of legends song. my parents are yelling at each other :3. ya it is out. 6k on a support character . disclosure, i have not yet watched this video. she is op but she's so ratty. i tried frog on my last game. u can level up buildings for more multipliers on rewards. ill wake up for it. right. new jeans league of legends in TEN minutes. u cant fall asleep @cum herald. nvm then. i paid that amount. 22 seems like a good amount. fuck it. how much was tip tho. at least i think it's rank points idk what contribution means. use ur points on the first building for more rank points and second building for more exp. hi welcome to da agency. yours was $15 i think. @cum queen do you remember how much indian food was. thank you cum king. @cum queen @cum king can you send me $14 whenever you can for BOOTY CHON Venmo: KevKevWong. U HAVE 10 OF THOSE HITSCAN BULLETS THAT DO LIKE 100 EACH. his reboot card. whenever u pick up a level card u can press g to level it up faster instead of going in ur inv. im balduring all the gates. Just watched a vid saying they collapsed. Realistically who thought the mets were going to make the playoffs. these r just rental tickets. everyone else is thru battle pass or gacha. ya only those 3 characters specifically. on da bottom row. u gotta click iida/tendo/denki and there will be an unlock button. everyone gets a character ticket 4 free. ya u need a lot of dupes doe. i think gallery pieces just unlock pictures nothin gewd. U never know. and yet people all agree hes gonna get dogged by keria. ngl that stat of 3 straight finals is crazy tho. Ppl flaming his last year performance rn on twitter lol. Was he running it down that bad last year vs edg in finals?. Beryl goated tf. U should post thte clips of u getting cucked on the subreddit. Should comeout tmr. I hope warwick is fun. myself included. or diamond where ppl are ego maniacs. its either this shit. elo sucks ass. And they fuck me in the ass. And their duo bot lane roams mid twice. Our trio queue team a bunch of cucks. yea that dude was trash. I wait baiting for this panth. what the actual fuck. hes blind. riot cucking me once again. @cum king look at this. The ezreal has 1100 games aram. Wanna play wareick. did it go through. wtf ur account name. Queue times r insane down here. Beat scout chovy and now faker. My account silver now in woldrift. @Deleted User any gamers trynna GAME??. all the lpl fans about to sell their finals tickets. this is also so true. i love box box when he dresses up. hes a cutie too. faker is cool. im so fucking dumb. Jdg is so fun to watch. yea 120 people died being trampled on. suffocating on other ppls breath at that point. idk how can you look at that and say i wanna go. apparently there was 100k+ people. the legend has returned. aimbotcalvin streaming ow2. U should’ve went. in the head. but also he is dense. stupid thicc. no cause yan is dummy thicc. because he's more compact/dense. only thiccer. why tf you still on then. nah i have to head to bed. league stream now. bruh the party is tmr. @cum king release the photos. witness the cum corner. how blind can you be. you avert your eyes from the truth when it is most convenient. wonder if there are maggots. Of my cum corner?. Send pics. I have a copy. Bruh imagine if we copied the key. That’s actually crazy. I wonder how my cum corner is doing. Yup our exact house. Monarch lane???. Wanna guess the address of the place?. @cum pedophile @cum pedophile my friend is at a party rn. Should just post every win tbh. bro should just upload a video every time he reaches a new high, not increments of 1k. Curry is so good. That’s more expensive than a movie. $25 to watch in theaters. on respawn lmfao. and just got back to back pentas. got 1 triple on a failed dive. my draven was feeding his ass off. on my bronze account. im ranked 170 vex player. It’s a fuckin steal. Akali farming this bot teemo. They didnt fucking accept the remake. tickets slowly dropping. he is good looking but also kinda cringe. Too bad there weren’t any tickets left. Don’t even know his music, but he’s good looking. timble flash condems him right into me. my vayne comes from side. i was kiting the fuck out of this graves. We should’ve bought fucking tickets. @cum pedophile Jackson wang for worlds finals. i wonder what his ping is. Brought his damn mousepad and headset. Some dude in the library was playing valorant. The cutest couple. same rank as @cum pedophile. In private is not ok eiither. Uhh sir, can we not do this in public. And yea idk why we played it. i'll shoot my ships inside your space bitch. Basically a spaceship shooter games. and we were bored asf. think it was a facebook messenger game. wtf is everwing and why were we playing that shit together. but u might be right bc i didn't see anything about it. i thought it was messenger. that was a text wasnt it?. that was very cool of u. oh yea u got me soap from hawaii. and u were very against this. some interesting convos. but it seems we did at atime. i was going through old fb messenger chats. roasted like a one armed cook. ur mom is hectic. sounds hectic. what yall think?. Lucian split push all game and dies to nasus every minute and caitlyn tries to solo every objective just for it to get stolen. Can gold play with iron. Iron4 ashe could ult me and i die. gm players with iron players. normals are a different beast. And that was the difference. Lost to iron4 adc. Played a game where my emerald adc. he makes up 9/14 deaths for your team. challenger player. honestly the most broken champ theyve released. not even a bad player. This yone i laned against diamond 3 peaked gm. vex is not fucking balanced man. no cash money. starts dry humping you. there is no inbetween. swear to god every pyke ive ever seen either has more gold than carries or is the brokest bitch in the entire game. At least she got it. We were fighting near enemy blue and yi almost got a penta but 4 of us died to 2 and pans to the trist soloing drag. She decides to follow the fed ass pyke rest of the game and he feeds her a shit ton of gold and she catches up. got placed in bronze 1 baby, lets go. and then everything was down hill from there. got our jg to come and got her snowballing. me(naut) and mf won laning phase. everyone running around like headless chickens. And I got a full ap nasus top and full tank veigar mid . First game of ranked. but DAM her ult is hard to snipe ppl with. a lot of damage lol. aight ima go eat. their mid roamed. idgaf about that. i did not expect all of them in that bush. right now. if i dont run this nasus. wanted to play teemo. fuck i wasnt paying attention. its ok. holy fuck this queue. mf skin pretty cool. ok im on bigbootymommy. bro how are you broke on every account. TIME TO DROP 100 DOLLARS. i know but not enough blue essence to get vex. you just said bigbootymommy was gold. i need to see if i have blue stuff. level tht shit on your own. can i play promos with ogld. get on a diff accoutn. wait how many regular games to i have to play. @cum pedophile pls stream league of legends content. cant even play pvp. im not adding your brand new account. hold up i made a new account. Bigbootymommy is gold. The day after i spend my shit on yone, vex comes out. Literally. No way hes older than 14. yo i read that comic book before. "theres a reason i have god in my name". the akali was so cringe too. of all the people on the team. this sion flames me. this one is kinda low effort tho. i have received another bts fanclub troll message. Wtf did my video turn into. cant be good. i wonder whats going through his mind. i honestly feel bad for westbrook. the collapse after the fake rings were spicy too. fake franchises forreal bro. dodgers mickey mouse ring. same with freeman. mookie was a winner and turned to shit when he joined. won mickey mouse rings. bruh all of la. bunch of chokers. thats what im sayin. theyll still flop in the playoffs. bruh it doesnt matter what the dodgers get. the 81-81 marlins who barely made the wildcard game. then getting swept by the marlins in the nlds. im predicting a 143 win season for the dodgers. Mark my words. If giants get Judge and Turner + keep rodon it’s over for the dodgers. Like imagine curry having a framed giannis jersey. mf is rich enough to buy poseys used underwear. Surprised its posey cus he retired last year. I thought he’d have one of bonds. who isnt a posey fan. Judge has a framed posey jersey. shit if ballcapsportsyt says it its done. @cum king look at this. i think i'll use that later on in life. i hope its not the dylan i flamed for the shit piazza post. dylan's reaction is hilarious. This in my class discord. Love canyon showmaker. I am down for dk supremacy again. I wanna see the showmaker villain revenge arc. Not really sure. It says it increases with level but its still capped at 14 in game. Actually they do scale. Im just playing ranked mode where it caps at 11. Its strange. I think towers are the same. Do tower stats still scale with level?. I was lvl14 but now lvl47 lol. Its just scaled a little differently. Its like that one time a few years ago brawlstars scaled the hp. Na they made it so max is lvl50. And changed levels. They split ladder from a competitive mode. New huge clash royale update. I guess I’ll just run it down for you. sorry i kinda busy with hw. If you’re down. Lemme shower and I’ll play one more. Running it down to get the full experience. Look at those scores. im not out here looking for some chovy shit. and?. the whole multiverse thing is part of his character. yeah but im considering them all the same character. In terms of character and development. Since it’s not the same one from loki. Idk how good this version of Lang will be. Im embarrassed about my game play. oh god this emoji is not good on discord. @cum pedophile can you stream league for e. kang is the only interesting character at this point. dude fucking finally. wtf bill murray. i think hes a different kang. getting swol for creed 3. kang actor is buff. you see the new antman trailer. Dude really said. And he’s a literal giant. then the money is worth. at least he can be like 30 hr 280+ average. This year was an anomaly. Ain’t no way he doesn’t. are the giants really gonna go for judge this hard?. You are both simultaneously. Also the guy getting gobbled. You are the gobblin. Need me more spicy drama. I thought draymond punched another teammate. What happened. warriors NOOOOOO. i do not wish to be any of the other two. im the one trying to kill the goblin right?. I wish graves were a little stronger. Yone 1 trick. Making new account. champ is busted. Should i one trick yone top. Whos a fun champ to shit on ppl in low rank. i just wanna infinite heal. And pounce. Its always roblox serves for selling skins. Yea its weird. Dam i thkught u guys suck. No wth. I just saw one but last time i used stream east or whatever was a couple days ago. Im thinking some of the ads on the streaming websites be discord invites. I see them but i never joined. @cum king when u open discord do u have random roblox selling skin serves on ur server list?. So u guys made thre championship?. “May not have enough women”. Koby scared to get clapped in the championship. Such a nice day today!!!! Anyone wanna play catch. ????. happy pride. could have had some magic. should have came yan. im sorry for ur loss. idk what to tell u man. they literally shut down after we finished. Have that place bookmarked as to try. yummmy korean fried chicken. was it the taco bel kfc. o. its on taravel. shouldnt have went to japan. right after we left. they closed. where at. @cum pedophile u missed out the fried chicken we got was bussin. snoog found a wild Goldeen! Click any of pb gb ub prb mb to catch it!. Your Machamp gained 100 EXP!. I’ll pass today. @cum pedophile does the pedophile wanna grab dinner ?. im going to illenium rn LOL. o. when. @cum herald @cum pedophile do u guys wanna grab dinner. Shouldve brought my paddle. I just brought my bag again. Ill be on the fueld. I’m a block away. Wish you were herep#. hf cuties. I’ll be there in 10. Me too. No scratches. Is it different from mine. u want me to bring mine?. We can toss a frisbee too. @cum queen i can meet u at the oark we went to last time. ;open legendary box. happy pridee @cum king. o. if harry is free idk. lemme shower real quick and if u still wanna i can meet u and harry at a park. I think 6?. I think Yan working. Where Yan and harry at. anywhere. Where at?. anyone wanna play catch. they almost had that last game. @cum king disgused is streaming his academy team vs voyboy scarra qt shiphtur and dyrus. yea its pretty crazy. head. This Newjeans collab gotta be one of the most unexpected songs I’ve ever head. But honestly the most impressive part is how quickly they can come up with the solution. Insane coding mechanics. Yea speed coding is crazy. Im guessing its phd/masters students participating. Those mfs a different species. And they had his screen share on too. Asian dude with long emo looking hair. They had a cam on one dude. It was 2 days ago. nah ive never even heard of that. what is iccp. @cum king do u know anyone in davis who competed in davis iccp team?. SOMEONE GIFT CUPCAKE. And they are not a couple. No idea for how they determined Brooke as austrian. R nami and luffy a couple. @cum pedophile how can they tell the skeleton dude is austrian. takes losses too lightly. doesnt have that killer mentality. maybe thats why trout cant make the postseason. its so funny jimmy highroller talking sbout the celtics lacking killer and mamba mentality when their star player is a kobe super fan. So that’s a no. Had dinner already and winding down for the night already. @cum pedophile wanna go to beeps. yea i'm available starting next week. @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum herald @cum jester are we going next week?. @cum king wanna play wildrift. 20mil per year from a solo dev is insane. Never thought of that. superior chipotle eating side. so i might be omega jet lagged but i will come. What day are you coming back. I’m down for that. can we do next week i'm back next week. This sat or next week? For spider man movie. Put yours at 45k. so many alr listings for 50k. Sell that on the market. lets wait for k3nny. Up to you all, if we want to keep this week or push to next. u guys go without me. i need to visit ppl before they graduate. im going to santa barbara this weekend. 2pm works for me @cum pedophile. 17.5 and 18.5 per person. 4:30 and 5 are Lw expensive. Saturday what time. Apparently shelly is s tier now. @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum herald u guys wanna go friday night or saturday. He’s Asian?. Asian representaion. They got Swae lee. The goat. Where is lil mabu. This list made me CUM. id go to every home game. if the giants had a player like this. him and acuna bounce back years. soto is back too. dude is a baller. i was thinking maybe baez too but idk if he plays outfield. i assume ur asleep so we can play later. guess the statcast. You don't have enough candy to give!. to make them less hittable. he engineers stupid shit in whiffle balls. that vid is pretty funny. not driving to davis just to whoop his ass. why not. just play with koby. @Deleted User we should buy a whiffle ball set like kobys. teams offense when hes pitching is ass lol. aespa tetris song. Hold on tight is such a banger song for a tetris movie. can someone send me lollipop in pokemeow. And woodstock the little yellow thing. Thought it was just him. Snoopy has a whole family??. Your Dialga gained 250 EXP!. :fire: REEEXAR received 1x for catching 15x Common Pokemon in a row! Your Dialga gained 100 EXP!. Your Dialga gained 250 EXP!. REEEXAR found a wild Exploud! Click any of pb gb ub prb mb to catch it!. Yea I just found out too. Didn’t know this character existed. Thought you were joking. It’s his brother Olaf. i'd like the pee from ur nuts. from the peanuts museum. what dis. fortnite when. i took these photos in a hurry. We walking there run. Unless it look busy. Nah I don’t think you need to. @cum queen @cum herald @cum pedophile shohld i grab a table. :m view shiny dedenne. Lmk when u guys r here. The giants 18 hits today @cum king. 630 then @cum queen @cum pedophile. ok see u there. 630 should prob work. give harry a little time idk. so do u guys wanna meet there 630?. Bouta FaceTime you at the place. if not just go without me xd. i thought i was gonna be out and back quick. o. they're prob not playing it in the restaurant anyways. so i will update u guys on where i am at like 530/6. it starts 530. idk if u guys still wanna watch the game. what time?. @cum herald. we have to go. we could go there. It my favorite place. There another pho place. would u guys be down for tofu stew?. my tofu house. Which Korean spot?. the korean place i wanted to go to is clsoed too. im down for korean food too. so we going to gao or what. Which place?. theyre closed today. i’m down for ushitaro if u guys want beef noodle soup. kevins right across the street. Check the menu. I do not know any beef noodle. hm kinda down for gao then. if its cheaper. we coild go to kevins. Can get by with 20. how much is gao?. Unless you’re ordering the gigs expensive stuff. @cum pedophile do u know any good beef noodle place?. we could go somewhere else. im down for dinner but not gao lol. or id be down to go. but i also do not have gao money rn sadly . @cum herald. Pho? Ramen? Beef noodle?. have you guys been to gao viet kitchen. Where?. I’m down for that. dont rly know, kinda want soup noodles. Contact tsm and tell them u will play for free. @cum herald ur chance^^. Instead of traditional sports. A lot of these players grow up playing ultimate frisbee. That area has a lot of frisbee talent. Good coaching. How is their team so insane. Theres some crazy stat that unc womens team hadnt lost a single game in 3 years. And their womens team has a chance to do the same in 2 hours. Unc mens ultimate frisbee team is about to win their 4th straight national championship. lw wanna go to a giants orioles game next week. conforto also heating up. What’s going on. They on a roll rn. i have high expectations for the giants. offseason gonna be fun. But you would have to give up a lot for ohtani. ppl playing frisbee at ggp rn. I mean the giants did that for kb. Trade package would be fat. for only half year rental. yea, no team would trade for him too. I don’t think they would trade ohtani. Even if they have like no postseason chance. I don’t see that happening. since hes gone 100% anyways. i wonder if the angels will trade him. Piss and shit is unbeatable bro. padres brown and yellow??. ohtani seems like the type of guy who likes good colors. new wild rift season. Wonder if his team or coach wanted him to play it or he said “its ok guys let me play irelia”. Yea lmfao he got fucked every fight near the end. and irelia. also lb build was garbo. aatrox literally unkillable cause aphelios getting ran. dove by sylas vi every time. on aphelios. deokdam had a 3.5k gold lead on hope at 15 mins. such a fun game to watch. cost me my pickems for this group. wtf nerf this aatrox champ. Waiting for wifi card. Nope not on new computer yet. real man shit. none of that esports bullshit. im watching real sports. best game this toiurnament imo. the tie breaker game was fucking crazy. dave roberts with a good move????. 1 run in 1.1 innings and hes done. @cum lord damn gonsolin had a fuckin 1cm leash today. are you on your new computer. Actually cece told me the disc form the team is around $10. Then 2 hours later you have no faith. @cum lord damn what happened. Kenny has work at 3:30. are you going back to davis after?. we're doing catch then lunch. Like we were literally discussing. And catch before?. Looks like i need to go pro to show the eastern teams whats up. and every lcs game it takes like 30 mins for a team to get a 6k gold team lol. its so weird watchign these games and i swear one of the teams has a 10k gold lead by 20 mins. are we only doing lunch sunday?. Hopefully they can take one from cfo. Kinda agree with the redditors that say the team has peaked. Idk why but i have no hope that 100t will be the same. Why cant na just play like this normally. wat is this. lollll NA really just denying EU. Hail mary every play. We can make a team and join some tournament in the bay. I just remembered sunday is the day 100t makes it out of groups. Should i bring my frisbee or u guys got one. Baseball and frisbee. catch with what. where we usually go. or where we usually go. good with that plan. @cum jester @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum lord do u guys wanna play catch around 10 on sunday then grab lunch and aaron goes back to davis after?. or is it just lunch?. do we have plans for anything after?. Surei don’t mind what ever is ok with me. in sunset or richmond its just gordos taqueria. @cum lord @cum jester @cum queen @cum pedophile thoughts?. mm im okay with anywhere. ya is there a preference for neighborhood. @cum herald do you have mexican food rec for sunday. thank you for making this personalized gif just for me i will cherish it for the rest of my living days. thank. Sorry I got hella hw to do. @cum king wanna run some wildrift. bruh fakegod at 7 mins in champs queue had 7 cs vs jdg backup top laner. was a good try lol. And then auto filled supp that does not want to play supp. Every champ is some 1 trick type pick. What in the solo queue fuck was c9s comp lmao. So if they win its just gonna be him bowing. Just in isolation room lmao. Scout played today. Also I think they’re allowing sick players to still play. Pls just protect the previous kda. hes gonna be the only one on stage. bruh all of rng except gala got covid. berserker looks so done with him. zven is a dirty inter. holy shit zeus is so strong. what a play by oner and zeus. Get him off these enchanters lmfao. The hylissang experience is real. Guma heal flash. Burned fakers flash. Losing everything to razork. Flash fail. Wow oner is legit losing this early game by himself. something like that right. I think edg can still tie with them. im too lazy to do the counting. Uhh not necessarily. lmfaooo this is so true. does fnatic need to win this one?. Neither of us make it. Fuck eu they burn with us. mf just finished the cast lmao. so who should na be rooting for this game. Spewing COVID wtf. Emily is on the desk???. wait fnatic literally play again rn. Hopium on full blast. what are the chances. what if na goes 9-0 and all teams make groups. theyre sweeping. Bruh what about the 100T win??. right now. cancel worlds on a high note. its over. didnt like 4 players test positive. C9 took all the towers. theyre still doing fist bumps. .what happened?. What was that fight. hyli is such an inter lmfao. the connection buff. fudge has to play a champion that represents him irl. Daddy fudge put on tank duty this team is unstoppable. T1 C9 EDG FNC. lmao where did u put c9. My Pickems need this. 3-0 day please. It do be like that. i just lost 2 clash royale games in a row and my day is ruined. LCS finals harder. Worlds is just so fucking easy. undo that. im going to bed. I WAS BAITING YOU. worlds getting ravaged by covid rn. Thats just how math works. infinite wpa. Each inning adds an extra 1% exceeding 100. In the bottom of the 27th. the most valuable play possible. like the only play worth more is a 2 out walkoff grand slam down 3. Down 2. @cum lord damn the yordan alvarez walk off had a 91% wpa what the fuck. she lives in sac i think. what the. nah shes not even a student atm. is she singing and recording in davis?. actually tho. its fuckin fire. voice fits the song quite well. yooo she has a jump up superstar cover. also her cover of jump up superstar is so good. time to play genshin i guess. ooo such happy vibes. bubblegum party?. @cum pedophile new chevy song. After i took first tower lol. Broke my loss streak. since theres a slight curve. yeah i was thinking polynomial. Logistic regression normally used for binary data. have not been paying attention. i dont even know what logistic regression is. I wouls say polynomial prob fits better. aight. Generally id test multiple and see which are the best fitting etc. Ii would say linear. what do i choose. between linear regression, polynomial regression, and logistic regression. and i was told to choose what kind of method would work best. so if i had a scatter plot like this. @cum lord do you know linear regression models and such?. So many ppl use that shit. And furnace too. Cant bait shit every card counters me. All have either arrows + log. And i swear every deck in this ladder area im in counters it. what deck are you using. I lost 7 clash royale games in a row. this is a momentous occasion. i wanna thank all my fans. some were on sale for around 650 couple days ago. no way the finals tickets got more expensive. i have him as my crystal ball pick. theyre fucking trolling cadrael lol. "whos uc davis is it a character?". cadrael was so confused lmfao. they brought up the "row for uc davis 6ft" thing on the new dive episode. she was banned or years. pretty sure it is. isnt that why she got banned?. i dont even think its close , chainsaw man is just gore and fighting that people enjoy. imo the story in chainsaw man is not as fleshed out as aot. also wtf is this take. Of a dude showing his penis on their stream. Have u seen that one clip. Suppycolleen got unbanned on twitch. i dont have any recs. we can look for some. im good with mexican. cant wait for more episodes. chainsaw man seems fun. shut the fuck up. .....well then. or or or. or or or, i order and just not eat it. if we went it'd be third week in a row where yan's eaten mcdonalds. exactly. "eating healthy" btw. thats mickie d's 3 weeks in a row. wait if we do get cactus plant flea market meal. no cactus plant flea market meal. can we get mcdonalds fries instead. @cum jester @cum herald @cum lord @cum queen are yall cool with mexican food?. and i still hate it. seen this before. what did i just read. This comic reminded me of you. yea dont link with the toilet paper. cheaper and looks better with the case. screw it imma get the gigabyte one. i would sound this. for sure gonna catch that wifi. it looks funny tho. it wasnt a recommendation. i feel most are in the mission. idk good places in sf tho ng. @cum lord @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum queen @cum herald any prefs for lunch?. which to get. time to go vegetarian so it's less bitter. bussin bussin. ive had cum. not black licorice itself. ive only had the black licorice jelly beans. also coffee was enjoyable. yessir, toasted marshmallow from what i remember is s. what in the fuck is this. bruh this community rank is fucked cause of this dumb cunt. ive never had it. are you saying that marshmallow should be in s tier?. why doesthis have a minion. does this taste different than a human fart. i saw that too. minion fart?. this tier list is dookie. community is retarded. nvm, toasted marshmallow not in s tier. cinammon is B tier. yooo they actually have one. i need feel the need to make a jellybean flavor tierlist. wheres tierlist maker. so theyre in similar tiers. but theyre both heavily disliked. thats such a low bar. 100% better than hot tamales. black licorice is actually not that bad. "i like children and cum and black licorice and men". sorry i have proof. its accurate. this name is not cash money. ayo give me back butt muncher. what the. i think my sentence was clear. not sure whats tripping you up. pedophiles are an example of not ok representation. more representation for women is ok. i am not onboard with this. @Deleted User who trynna watch some mlb postseason???. ima hit top 200. damn you really desparate to play that game. im so washed at clash royale. @cum lord how much are frisbees from the ultimate frisbee club. Thank you. Astros walked off. depends on what kind of representation. Ok but you ever feel like representation has gone too far?. good parts - chaewon, yunjin x salem ilese. but u can put my IG: carriongrub. it's an authentic group photo. how do i give credit to the artist?. i worked very hard to produce these photos. give thoughts. I was fucking robbed of first place holy shit. Look at this shit @cum jester. ended the game in two rounds. also sometimes they have anime collabs. yea dont spend unless you're rolling in $$$. Rolling in that game is fucked. goated. Ignore my rank. Im the goat. @Deleted User who trynna chill in call. Gg to those losers. 3rd to first. bro losing to a shitter hand with this as my hand feels so bad. self drawn so they all had to pay a fraction. first hand in this game lmfao. naw aint nobody got time to fish out all coppies. I thought it was all copies lol. 3 out of 4 of that tile is still in play. yes it takes away one out of four copies of that tile. For this one the top left has 3, but i still have a 3 in my hand. So its only 1 copy that is gone. So when the thing says no yaku, then i cant win with my hand?. because the value of such hands is minimal. but the gist is don't do sequence and triple hands at once UNLESS: - you're fully concealed - it's of one type of numbered tile. here's a list of yaku if you're interested. like 13 orphans, nine gates, big/little three dragons, big four winds etc. then there are yakuman which are uber special hands. i think merely having a triple of a green/red/white dragon or the prevalent wind or your seat wind is a yaku (dragons/winds are called honor tiles). riichi (fully concealed hand) is also a yaku. like all triples, half flush (one type of numbered tile + winds/dragons) or full flush (wholly one type of numbered tile). a pattern that makes a hand winning. Still have no idea wtf a yaku is. just keep in mind that while Dora adds value to your hand, you still need yaku to make your hand a valid winning hand. or to add variance/strategy to what is playable in any given game. not sure, probably just a way to quicken games. my mistake, i said adjacent but it's actually the next tile. so if there's 9 bamboo, then 1 bamboo is Sora. top left are indicators, the tile that comes after it is a Dora tile. So the first tile on top left, all 4 copies are taken out, and the ones next to it are bonus?. Why do they take out the tile. very easy. which is just a fully concealed and winning hand. riichi is a type of yaku. yaku is just a winning hand with any given pattern (all triples, half flush, full flush, seven pairs, 13 orphans, little/big dragon, 9 gates, etc...). you can look up special hands. then there are the normal mahjong rules, pon(ya) and chii(nya) which means triple or sequence respectively. red 5s also reward extra han. there are also tiles taken out of the game (shown top left in-game) and adjacent tiles will be rewarded extra han if they are in your hand (called Dora). which declares that you are one tile away from victory with a concealed hand, meaning you can't pon or chii. anyways it's just regular mahjong, but the most important change is the "riichi" state. finna see ansel in that fit. yea bro play. oh i just didnt look at the names at all. if so i gotta play more. is this normal mahjong attire. where her clothes at?. but hes the last place no?. wtf you bought skins?. So many wonky combos. I have no clue how to play japanese mahjong. Is this good?. called mahjong soul if u were curious. hard stuck plat 5 rn. angel we need support carry in ow. full of chinese ppl tho. multiplayer. Is it multiplayer?. Wtf lol. i would love to. Wtf game is that. What a hand. i can prob only play 1-2. ill play a few. the dame one?. and the final was 140-137. wait it was fuckin quadruple ot. im down to do some stupid shit in bot lane. i just wanted this to hit 200. but they still lost. where dame was going completely nuts. wasnt there that 1 triple ot game in bubble playoffs. triple ot. and clippers miss 1. i need them to foul. wtf was that. ok maybe doubt this dude. holy shit. fox has to give up the ball. The fuck. What. 42 off the bench. wtf is going on. Wait it’s another OT starting now?. Bruh we gotta see the end of the game. who had last shot?. please. 20 seconds. watching kings clippers. @cum lord still wanna play?. this kings game. wtf is a super react. she was pretty weird tho. Reddit sexist???. People are shitting on letirgirs casting on reddit dam. yea there was lightning n thunder. Holy shit. Its fucking pouring. Player skill issue tbh. @cum king look at this idiot spamming buttons on a screen maximum apm riven tryhard. @cum jester pretty good game, story do be so mid tho. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum goodnight how's hogwarts legacy. censor do be stupid these days. i would never support j*rowling. Gotta support the cause. Oh I was gonna buy it. btw i dont agree with cancelling streamers for streaming a game that only has JK Rowling's name attached to it bc it's her universe. Wait that game is transphobic?. i see how it is. you'd buy the transphobe game but not minecraft. about to play hogwarts legacy and get myself a house elf to reenact this. stone age tools but they're cum socks that have solidified. ok, thats ffr yucky yuckky. need i remind you of this classic. better be a clean sock. that one would dedicate a sock or socks to cum. thats actually hella nasty. i wasnt thinking of stephen a smith. shades of niles. you know that?. the one he posted.... whats the sas mental illness pic?. Their old adc got 6 in 9 games. Avoided making history. Wait they actually won. @cum lord can you respond to this message with the sas mental illness pic. The comeback to force overtime and win it in ot. And hard inting. They were down map3. But holy shit. They won their valorsmt match. i would add a super reaction but i do not have nitro. wtf is a silent message for then. did u get the notification. why tag someone as a silent message. i got scared when it didnt immediately end after my move. i thought it was mate too. rook blocks but end up getting queen in trades. think it's still just bishop takes bishop and it's mate. very clean. if king g1 and not pawn takes knight on g3, then rook takes rook on f6 is also mate. am i right or am i right. which is a check and a mate if i'm not blind. makes the king vulnerable to a queen check on h5 (moving the king to g1 ) as pawn takes knight , then you can safely take white's dark square bishop with your own bishop. or is it knight check. is it simply bishop takes. This is right before the move. as white?. LOL we started a revolutiojn. Some people saw me playing chess in class, and now they have it downloaded too. @cum jester my second brilliant move. summit wants an american girlfriend. Their answers are hilarious. @cum lord you read the tl ama on the league subreddit?. thebausffs clone fr. At the expense of everyone elses elo ima be running it down in the side lane to see if i can win a game 0-15-0. Ig i cant rly say my adc a dumbass if i was 0-8-0. Fun game tho. And they would yet somehow die 4v3. I just kept running down sidelane and would get panth ult with lulu or someone else. The game was actually winnable if the adc wasnt a dumbass tho. My duty today is done. That will be the last straw. I will have a mental breakdown if 100t lose their valorant and league game if thursday. @cum goodnight. they got 14/15 plates. just to fucking die too. meanwhile koi mid top double tp to the tower. but they all die. g2 4man dive bot. holy shit. this g2 vs koi game is so sad. sorry for keyboard noises. o i didnt know i had my noise suppression off. gotta match with the boys again. why is that ur pfp. but im a support main. my head kinda oof ow ouchies. ill play after maybe. what the. support/offense respectively. what rank r u. are u having a slumber party. fuck you fting me for. The avatar sequel popped the fuck off. Wait what the fuck. They need to bring all chat back. how is the all star game even fun to watch when theres no defense being played. ill wait for u. in one rn. @cum king wanna wildrift game?. So much damage everywhere. Same shit every time I come back. And I’m fucking dogging their entire team. Cannot make this shit up. And get auto filled jungle against a gm Lee main. So queue wild rift. @cum king wanna wildrift gaming. Stay home then fucker. At some point ima stop asking you to do shit. Professional bitch tbh. New Minecraft animal looks mighty fuckable. i played some games a few days ago and im alr on a losing streak. her q. i think shes a little different tho. Show these kids what real skill looks like. Guess we gotta come back. "UCSC FRAUD WATCH" and reacting with letters spelling out "fraud" to the other comments about ucsc in the ultiworld discord. and rn playing in san diego tournament and lost their first game to lower seed oregon by 4. lmao ucsc frisbee team after a decent showing in santa barbara tournament went from unraked to #13 in power rankings. Idk tho. It just says that. I don’t actually think he gets better. dont u have to lose on puropose so his data is messed up. Time to whoop Lukas ass. You was in game. @cum king r u back this weekend. and?. bruh it's 2:13 am. too lazy to type out the rest of the names but i miss u all. the real carry. its cause they lost ssumday. death stare. this one with yeon he looked legitimately pissed tho. Only to fucking throw and lose. He stopped stared down yeon, said something and didnt highfive him. And when doing the highfives. Said some spicy shit in all chat at end of game. 2p only. Is he even good in fantasy. Trout bounce back. Also no chance hsk has another 5 war season. Witt caroll and jrod all gonma have somilar stat lines to that. My thought it. Bobby Witt jr gonna be your best player. Bold prediction. Hes gonna be acuna next season. Im 100% winning this league. Idk tho Corbin Carrol I don’t think will be as good. I briefly looked over other teams. But the lineup looks ok. Your pitching sucks. im banking on rodon bounce back and harrison / hicks breakout years. eflin my SP1 im lw cooked. i went 7th/10. just joined a random league. @cum king thoughts. one sec. U would hit rank 1 in a week. sounds fine ot me. try it. and played it on pc with mouse and keyboard. Would it be cheating if someone got wildrift on like bluestacks. @cum king wildrift?. its aight. the animation pretty good. just watched up to current for solo levelling. If kevin kiermaier is on the twins next season, u can thank koby. Meant this. Class at 1. 25 min walk and 25 min walk back to my class. Debating whether i should walk to the university center to get food. scrolling down this lad is so funny. Mf a history teacher now. why brock tho. I think the footballer who showed his dick in a vid. who is the dude on the right lmfao. nah hes hilarious. Ab needs to be locked up in arkham asylum. Bro. Sounds so promising. Did u see the vid of stripling working on that new pitch last week?. no idea what to do. Unless they’re into Snell. This makes no sense. Seems rly fun. Good for him. I cannot read their website :/. Hes playing over in japan and shit. Pretty cool tho. Bru why don’t they spell it Sox. Not in npb tho. Its a team. Wait I thought that link was a sponsorship for socks lmfao. Well he ain’t on the Ottawa team roster anymore. He has a japanese team tagged in his ig hio. Was*. Or what it korea. Or planning to. Isnt he playing in japan now?. To be able to search your own name on bbref. His previous seasons were pretty good. Yea honestly pretty sick. Wonder what happened. Hey at least he got a bbref page. Where. Zamn Kai moody did not have a good 2023 season. Maybe im 1 war player and they end the season 3-20 instead. I shouldve tried out for davis. I dont know anyone from other teams that r older. Forgot their names. Was he like 2 years older. I think a couple dudes went to private school. After we got called up. I dont remember anyone from bal. I think he hit the cockshot that won them the semis against us sophomore year. Big dude with long hair. He went to bal. Oh there was moe. But he was really good. I only remember him lol. Literally no one on my middle school team played in highschool. Larry fonseca. Who was even on that team. I was shivering in my boots whenever we had to play vs aptos. Well it wasn’t me. Im pretty sure u shit on us too. My middle school was stacked. And he shit on us. I remember we faced vs nate when he pitched for afy. We sucked so much ass. That’s a wild stat lmao. I remember thats what they told me lol. Draper made the ap gianini record for strikeouts. I think. It ain’t for you. Just quit the sport at that point. I led in everything. and we will have the goat. then he'll fall back to earth. Ready. while hes on a hot streak. youre right. wiggins trade stock all time low. they dont have shit. Warriors. cause he guaranteed wants to go to a contender. nah but where does he even go. And my team does nothing in the meantime. I push lanes so far in and they always send 4 to kill me. @cum lord are you playing more. Then like fine giants cant match that. Id only be ok with tbis if they gave up jackson holiday. i will give the giants more moeny. farhan if youre readgn this. dude if they got burnes i would buy season tickets rn. I am Justin fields biggest fan in this timeline. im gonna start the server at 9. I wonder what team her or her family supports. down after i boss for a bit. I won’t be on until 9. @cum pedophile @cum jester we pal worlding today?. she really does look like him tho. lol this girl has 1m tiktok followers cause she look like purdy. Dude my friend from my program is friends with blake sabol. not da food?. just the ppl right. Better post an insane slash line or I will boycott Korean ppl too. Who cares what he looks like. looking like jungkook in the second pic. i was hitting him and just popped. these types of games arent even fun. tag me when done. Yea but I’m in another lol. @cum king how could u start without me. with so many niners players in the building too. 8/13 from 3. He was pissed about the lakers game. fraud got locked up by dreymond. embid could never. steph went crazt today. Very sad to read brother. this is such a fire top comment. “The chicken” -sam miller. @cum jester i eat then come. u might wanna go home first im only like 1/2 through gym. imma grab chipotle before we go golf tho lul. @cum herald i can come to your house like at 5:30 if it's more convenient. should be back home around 5:30-45. whenever ansels done with work. whenever you an. what time should i get to kennys. 100t getting back to back 0-3. Thats group of death. What game is this even for. Cocky bastard. These gojo memes r too funny. i hope he loses his life. report this fucker. im ready. i have to go through these updates again. not the relapsing for wild rift. i thought id try to cleanse myself. @cum king just redownloaded wildrift, wanna play ?. trying to ._.. not cool bro. i cut my thumb at work. what time. Throw it in a cup of water and let it grow some more. its a steal. What do you need 5 for. and i bought fucking 5 things of green onion for 0.99 yesterday. life is good. The reply. this mans face is too funny. i fucking cant. the head injuries finally kicking in. but it was superbowl 50 someething. and just said superbowl 20something after struggling for a bit. and i tihnk he was trying to read the roman numerals but didnt know it. and he was saying superbowl is gonna be a rematch of the last time they played. i was watching his recap of the gake. this dude watches the game like a grandpa looking at his phone. @cum lord have you seen shannon sharpe on the manningcast. just standing there. bruh what they even doing. @cum king @cum herald u guys should go. Yea sorry I just showered. this nfl reddit thread is too good. Refs hate sf. Purdy got that curry whistle. right off his mf head. the catch part 4. Stg Fred Warner the only dude playing the game. The defensive line literally never gets pressure and gets blasted on runs. And chase young. What happened to bosa. ^^whoever the fuck are the captains of the defense. Purdy too ^. Crying. What happened to the niners defense. This game is so over. This is why i love the lcs. wild cumming fr. idk how on phone. hecarim gaming. aight. wr @cum king ?. Come home check and this . Before i went grocery shopping they were up like 8. Warriors man. Me too. Gtg ear. aight ima go eat dinner. CoreJJ things. someone from georgia us army donated to caedrel. lmao broadcast panned to crowd and someone had a caedral rat king sign. caedral co streaming lcs. white ppl cant play him. First lec win was earlier today. Are you guys palworlding? @cum queen @cum jester @cum amazonian. gonna be a first rounder in fantasy next year. the kum bucket turning up. bro is the best player on the best team in the league and you hating. @cum king the end of this one lol. what vid. dam i forget in the end of the vid that dudes sha boing boing just hanging there. jk i wouldnt chase him but it was funny. id fucking chase him and force him to watch. and he would be like " ewww " and run away. @cum goodnight. I saw this mf do a grid in 10 seconds. You know Jeff passan. That’s a deep cut tho. I actually did. Did u know scherzwr was a dback. How do you know this. @cum king where fresh cut pics. @cum lord @cum king scherzer is down to waive his no trade clause. wtf is this match making. they have 2 ascendant 3s. i have to eat. we battlebit later. i feel like i shouldve gotten more than 22 for this game. Bochy really gonna win another ring. he will be back. Artifact is strong tho so it’s a win. Did you get Lethe already?. yan have u played blue archive before. they just clean my teeth n das it. i think they aight. i be in her mouth 24/7. ill be back when yan plays fighting game.. and i lick it. hope u stub toe on my teeth. But ump was calling consistently so I guess it’s not that bad. Ok but 2 of those strikes were sussy. they need thairo. the immaculate grid for the nba. king the land. brett wisely in shambles. im not a fan of brett wisely. negative war player. but hes always in the lineup. im surprised hes even batting .170. idk every time i see him up he makes an out. then ks. shows bunt and pulls back to go down 0-2. he came up with first and third 1 out. did he choke today. this dude is ass. 40 ops+. that makes no sense. thought it updates at 9. @cum lord pretty sure wisely is the worst player in the mlb. is connor joe on pirates rn?. that and connor joe for pirates rockies is all i have. this is all i got. i shouldve worn sketcher cleats. @cum lord kershaw wears skechers cleats. yeth gimme 2 mins :O. @cum genshinerhonkaier are u free for awam. Remember when I flipped yan off and he responded with the heart fingers. hand with index finger and thumb crossed. it's callled. it's simple really. couldnt find the finger heart. i was looking for emoji to react with. I hate this unrequited love. Where he doesn’t actually say sheesh. I can even hear yan doing his stupid as sheesh. No fucking shot you reacted and didn’t reply. goodluck in 4nite. im about to play fowtnite sadge. theres not much to hear. im here to hear ur new mic. Til mike Trout never won a gold glove. is it that bad in texas en. brendas soul food . seouifood. ok guys im down for soul food again. o. @cum herald did u get a new headset. thought u need to go to mixology school. is what i saw on instagram . instead of entry-level positions. is u look for associate-level positions. what u do harry. if i wanna go this route. CCNA is cisco network thing. and i just told him to click a button. i did a total of 1 ticket today. Weather.. while waiting for tickets. im studying for the CCNA. battle bit remastered?. thank u honey. Fuck it I did better than the average. Ill try it later. Dude I thought this grid was the one. wdym it's so chic. wtf is this. bruh the flash costume looks so goofy. yea everyone went to bedge. gwen skin my fave in this line. where's my soul fighter lux and star guardian ori . its not out yet. i hate league of legends. THE 100 ESSENCE IS ALWAYS A SIGN. honestly pretty fun though. ur E has anti heal owo. I CANT EVEN CLICK THAT. what is dat. right yan. this will be a part of my crystallized knowledge. i reverted to my old ways. I THINK YOU DID. i swear i told u this before. its :3 with a paw. with a little paw hand. but is it really :3. a man with a mustache and he's sad. :3c as. not as pwetty as u. u get a pretty banner at the end of it. it honestly gets really hard. @cum pedophile did u do the client fighting thing :3. @cum king its part of da soul fighter event. But i guess they need middle infield depth and hes been on a hot streak AAA. Idk i thought he was a bust for the longest time. 1.1ops in 200 double A + triple A games. @cum lord what’s so special about luciano. might as well say kenny is breathing oxygen. that emote but white instead of brown. with my ||sperm||. ill fill the holes. kenny has cavities. stay away from me. to see if any items are worth money. currently looking at my tf2 inventory. can u do my momma and play roblox. what ru doing. The one and only junglecock. so i can feel like he personally sang that song for me about fucking me. can you record a short video of him singing seven. actually. can you get his autograph for me. we should. Should i go to kcon. and one for nocturnal. one of slander. who else r y booking for. My circle is 93.3% perfect, can you beat that?. My circle is 88.3% perfect, can you beat that?. but cheaper to lax. southwest is more expensive to sna . oh what the you're not booking with southwest?. and arriving 8:15 to sfo. were doing alaska to sna departing at 8pm or something. @cum goodnight we got our ticket. sorry i had to expose. koreaboo fr now. weve converted kenny. IT'S FROM A PLACE OF LOVE AND FRIENDSHIP AND TRUST. and having a large orgy. Very wholesome activities, we are actually just having a group picnic. wholesome activities u mean. (this comes from a place of love and friendship ). you slovenly fat drooling pig. ok down for either. either ktown or we can go to orange to club. i want bossam in ktown . tbh id be down to go hang out in ktown one night. ok we’ll find one lol. or r we finding one. thats wild but if we go come to ktown with me to drink. abb activities. and easier for our friend to grab us. its gonna be way more expensive. cuz its only 20$ more. were debating on flying into irvine instead. send me what flight you're gonna go on LOL. LOL fook it imma book it too and just cancel if i can't make it. welp guess its only slander. o wait notd is 19 hm. do sfo to lax 8/22-8/29 theres 3 low fare times @cum goodnight. if ur down to notd im down LOLOL. im booking my flights tonight. and not $29. wait that week is expensive LOL. we go chainsmokers notd with jesse. @cum goodnight hear me out here. southwest. @cum herald. southwest?. ROUND TRIP . plane tickets to lax round trip is 58$ rn. @cum goodnight. i would be racist towards this guy too. so based. oh this guy. theres no racism. so based. racist towards josh's face. he is enjoyable to listen to but his face still annoys me for some reason. my opinion of josh is slightly changing. @cum queen i watched the post malone episode of the gmm kitchen thingy. Maybe tonight. LMAO how did you find this out. hbd @cum goodnight. HAPPY BIRTHDAY @cum goodnight. this is why. there r icon quests. bro i thought it was just me too. he's like swallowing his mic. i thot it was just me. for crit dmgs. glove miracle time this 29th. @cum jester is it shoulder first for abso gear. connecting to server xd. srry this shit taking forever. lotty first. i been waiting for u. @cum herald busy?. @cum herald @cum genshinerhonkaier hi hlom?. i wanna hear the sound of ur voice with the new headset. yea its same for me. Ok well that’s just rough. according to the thread on the reddit. and verified fans wasnt good aswell. ppl say that wasnt much better too. Only way I guess. Should’ve gotten a Mastercard. Bots everywhere. I mean it’s the same with most concerts and big events. all these robots. fucking riot. It’s just been showing the screen that I sent on imsg. Nope. did it show the prices at least. Prolly also sold out, but who knows. Wait and see how yours will go. my bar is almost done but it still says 2k+. I’m refreshing page and nothing. just kick the rest of the ppl out of queue. if theyre sold out. “Tickets are sold out check back soon”. the bar thing is almost finished . my bar is moving but it still says 2k +. Sub 100 people. the close sections are still 600+. and those are for the high up seats. still expensive af tho. yea its already 100$ lowre. will probably lower. which is too high. i think i checked yesterday amd it was 600 each. If you’re buying from reseller. What’s the limit for you. might just have to buy it from resellers. They say extra tickets might become available after today. still says 2000+ tho. Little less than half for me. on the bar. And even then I feel like I’m lowballing. how much do u think retail prices are for the closer seats. Is there a cap on how many tickets someone can buy?. holy shit it moved more. most of the people buying are just re selling. Betting on the tax and random fees to be the most expensive part. yea but on other side lol. Is 113-117 the same as 102-106. how long does it take these mf to buy their tickets. The queue bar moved . or the 109 110 side. Uhh not that I know of. I was gonna go for middle sections. is there a tickets thread on the subreddit lmao. i wanted a close seat too dam. If I buy most likely just gonna buy for Harry and aaron. This is so sad. Gg 2k+ people ahead of me. You going with someone?. And if we should buy tickets for each other. Idek who wants to go. Oh right lol. i mean my work starts 8am so yea lol. You’re actually awake to grab tickets?. i am so ready to not get these tickets. Aight sounds good. Nope. From what I know JavaScript is pretty common. Like is there one you wanted to prioritize?. What about languages. I agree with that. Instead of sitting around existing. Just something to do. I mean this isn’t giga urgent or anything. I was just gonna look up some project ideas on google. I gotta learn from scratch so maybe something will come to mind as I go. No fuckin clue. Nope. For my intro to databases class. I’m learning sql rn. did you have any projects in mind?. have some stuff to show off. trynna learn sql and javascript stuff. we can like collab on github and shit. @cum queen @cum jester im gonna try starting some programming projects do yall wanna work together. not sweatlords. i came to this elo for easy games. some sweaty chinese smurfs. guess we'll never know. your flash wouldve been up?. fuck does that even mean. is if i were born in korea. i realized i had no flash. and then walked the long way and died. you waited until after they took. i wanted to steal that baron so bad. wandering around doing random shit. you just turn your brain off half the time. this is why im a brawlstars gamer only 2 abilities. wild rift is too hard. going full ap. idk if the newest patch notes is in game rn. well idk actually. double support item doesnt work anymore. u shoudlve pre selected. ghost exhaust. its over. wait cleanse aint in this game. ghost cleanse. nope its too late im running it down bot. u wanna play top? ill mid or something. if i play blitz ima just follow enemy jg. im playing thresh or blitz. Whats name. YO I HAVE A GOLD ACCOUNT. sike that shit annoying af. Lmk when u make it. thiis elo is so coinflip. fuck this shit. im making a fucking new account man. Wanna play singed someone bot lane. what do i ahve to gain by lying. why would i lie about that. Ur lying. thats a dude. sorry that was sexist. a fucking WOMAN. I just q someone but we all end up dying anyway. I cant rly do anything i feel like. and that shit is allowed. fucking sona flashed forward to stun me. literally nothing. with no peel. i got ran every fight. Well when i checked board for first time. he was not 6-0 what are you talking about. Kass alr was 6-0. When we actually joined the game. j4 given free lead top and does nothing. fizz got shit on early by kass. team sucks cock. Next i think. Not this patch. nah it looks like i can still pick her. then this might be awkward. In new patch. I thin moving ti regular now. wasnt that for legendary ranked. Wheru have to have certainn mastery on champ to play in ranked. I think tjey made a new thing. Do u have caitlyn. yeah i just closed the app when i saw i got jungle lmfao. Did u leave a game. i can switch accts. wait lmfao im banned for 20 minutes. We can norm. Ima play on my 5G LTE sonic verizon. @cum king wanna lux cait bot lane. I wanna watch fbi lift the trophy in person. why u tryna go to chase center. At home do be the best seats tho . this shit boutta be sniped tho. have your info readily available. I dont even have an account fuck. where even are the good seats?. too early for harry. ok use you new blazing speed to secure us worlds tickets. comcast gaming boys. fuck no that game sucks cock. @Deleted User club league. Apparently its next to impossible to buy it from the side and u gotta buy it from resellers. over that and im a no. Each. For the finals. Holy shit reselling from the early tickets are being sold for $500. R u guys gonna try for finals tickets tmr?. Wtf is this shit. bc challengers q queue times r also terrible bc of small player base. if NA didnt superserver like china where if u hit masters+ in the server then ur allowed in itd be alot better. its kinda ass bc ppl like thebaus wont get into champs queue but watching him play vs good top laners is fun to watch but wont happen. so its fucked bc im qiyana only. and its required that ur challenger and not a one trick. before theyre allowed in. ya but theyre all manually reviewed. Azael just said hyper on red side is a na solo q player loll. im a valorant main now. u have to be pro/amateur/or reviewed by champs queue board. they arent accepting soloq players into champs q. @cum herald how far r u from making it. Keria in champs q right now. dogshit mode that has no indication of actual skill. i respect the 0 solo showdown wins. also dont know why i typed 1 and then one. got 1 eperfect and one lperfect. @cum jester i was trying to pure perfect world 6. my mouth hurts. shouldve added playins to make it harder. o. brackets are after playins. was pickems always like this. hold on im watching giveaways. And i know every counter pick. I joined r/brawlstarscompetitive. I think i lost like twice today. Ive actually been winning hella. that shit must've been a struggle holy. Yo. quick buy hella yen before it appreciates again. sometimes yes, but overseas trip?. sometimes spontaneity is a means for fun. unplanned too chaotic. have to plan first. thats a no go. Just buy thr flight first amd force u to go. .....japan opening back up for tourism. i ain even care if we go. dont include me on that shit. i beat chess. another classic. yeah i think he was american. was he white?. oh thats gao wen zhong. why does the virgin have blond hair. we checked this time. they are. are they open?. wait lunch prices dont even matter for me i always get the bibimbap anyways. hm then whenever i guess. otherwise, till 4pm. only monday thru friday. lunch specials not avail on sunday. what time is their lunch prices. i am down whenever. they're open from 11am to 8pm. @cum herald @cum queen what time? 12? 1?. omg he responded. im actually free. i dont have work tomorrow. Also idk what i was building but my shield gives little to nothing. Love to see them start a 3v5. Im cracked on the howling abyss. Im down to run a quick norm. Wil the guzz guzz play. Ill play a test aram. no brawl stars sucks. u should watch it @cum pedophile. bc i couldn't find world 7-12 LOL. i completed the world with the hold downs. Dude needs sponsors according to him. I wanna cook up some low effort semen logo and sponsor some brawlstars thing. I shield him 3k and he cant beat pam 1v1 cus when he gets on her with full health he shoots his gloves away and cant out damage pams healing. Just to instantly super away his damage. This dude on my team would get close to someone. People do not know how to fucking play sam. With ashe ir something. Wanna power league. ok u right about dat. they keep tryna go rap but it's not working. butthole. are u sure you're listening to the most recent album. I havent listened to this new blackpink album until now and every song is so good. Wanna power league anyone. wtf they buffed him. Feels rly good. I feel like otis is rly oppresive now. Mid shower. Playing nasus support next time. they stink!. the one i had was a blue eye. and i think kevin grabbed it. i tried to slot the eye into the child room orb thing. so theyre just bad. o. i emptied my inventory. did u have eyes in ur inventory. (apparently). @cum jester u griefed them. We’re barack. who is julio rodriguez. its so fun. OKAY I WUV AWAM. i wasnt invited. might become a yeonjun stan. not the hybe channel .. unfortunately i'd have to be held at gunpoint to like super shy. also the song itself is like 2 minutes long. thought it was pretty good but repetitive. i'd listen to it again. new jeans was alrite. super shy kinda ass. or or or 37713. on my cock. what is wrong with u. on my cock. you played battlebit without us. when. he do have tourettes. apparently he has tourettes. you really did him like that. thats fucked. he better be funny lookin like that. lewis capaldi. hot ones. i was watching hot ones. i am not actually watching porn. which. bro ur at work. which. so no aram then. i am not rich like that. i do not own two monitors. just watch while araming. i watching porn. wish angel said my boobs were perky. back2back cy young goats. caked up. balls in yo mouf. Ball when?. @cum herald. be back waiter. dynamic programming can go fuck itself. leetcode hards got me fucked up. sivirs face looks diff in every splash. w brother. im bossing. r ur friends done bitting the battle. bawsses. Trashy people. i was gonna say i miss aaron but he's in the call. maybe im lacking brain cells. but he literally has both of the defense missions we need. and he's like "wdym". i told him we need to do a defense mission in warframe. he only has one brain cell. stupid fat fucking bitch cunt whore K3nnyG33. because K3nnyG33 did not stream. no i went to go be depressed. waiting for a battlebit stream day 20. sorry for trying to help .. @cum queen i hope you have abad night kenny you bitch. Please wait :stopwatch: 4 seconds before typing that command again!. Oh shit she’s gonna be my new pfp. is that link worth one of my 600 daily viewable tweets. @cum herald. @cum king whatd u cook. i feel like im in a trendy clothing store. my fucking eyes. night time battlebit sucks ass. he calls me angel sometimes. but ill play. whos that. WAIT NMIXX JUST DROPPED A SONG. yes pwease. its okay i’ll watch after i brush. seems like a game that’ll die out in a few months . this shit hella funny. ill buy it for u. omg no i just used a super react. why would u do this to my message. this song is definitely olivia rodrigo. be racist. do what. all ur friends do that harry. can someone make yan saying that into a soundboard sound. mets incoming disaster class ????. this is why he fails leetcode. ill watch with you. i care about icarly. what happened. that's even better tbh. @cum herald. im farming easy problems lmfao. what problem bithc. I come for Ram. That shit so dumb but hella fun. Squad tf up bruh. when maidan and peter get i t. thats for later. @cum king @cum genshinerhonkaier. what filling. i had spwing wolls. he walked to like 7/11 for them. didnt he send a pic. paintbrush alcohol computerscience gun. william afton. jk hes the dad. wait i think hes their brother. i just know the purple guy was their dad. i watched a 1 hr video of fnaf timeline. to even have ur name in the same sentence as him.. u should be honored to sound like yan. every day i wonder how strong aaron would be if he were normal. too bright. chica from fortnite. i listened to myself bop bop bop bop and i went deaf. do u guys sleep with body pillows. do you guys sleep on ur back. any bed discorders. waning crescent. i didnt know how else to describe it. the moon is 95% waxing gibbous. kenny and harry do sound similar. guys idk when it happened but i can distinguish ur voices now. so it can be warm. i want to rip my eyeballs out and dip them in boiling water. ur a hater. its cute. why would u say that. that gummy cat skin must be mine.. only played twice today. how was battlebit. just turned off my pc . im ready whenever. are we assembling for battlebit?. everyone call bomb harold. that's it. I’m out rn but I’m down tonight . @cum queen @cum king @battlebit gamers when. oh look who's playing aram without me again.. Twitter down and apollo dead, wtf do i do. Future warrior. that didnt count i only had 2 deaths. they r fun. and the only time my jungler outperforms the other is because the other was a fucking jinx. support literally my last role. once. u dont like the trinity force???. fucking braindead ww. dogshit ashe build. yea vi ults me everytime and i die through stasis. look at the fuckign damage. its the most telegraphed ability in the game. fucking yasuo cant ult on my knockups. the last fight. was it the one where the entire team was just on drag lol. for what. and ww ults a full hp vi. we had great position. the last fight. the last one. thatws not a go button. i knocked up the voi. are we forcing. like why the fuck. no one on this team wants to fucking win man. is building manamune good on ashe. play graves and run it down. i got fucking top. fuck i was going to play ashe support too. it sometimes targets a champion. pressing it doesnt auto target the monster. i hate that when im trying to smite steal an objective. why. and it goes off in a random direction. and i flash e. i was playing sett. this game is trash man. and just run it. that shit is dogass. fuck top lane. bro what rank is that. oh fuck i think the zed is on the other team again. ill play 1 more after tho. i have become an ashe enjoyer. i just got in another. I WIN THIS TIME. AND EVERY TIME HE STOMPED HIS LANE OPPONENT SO HARD IT WAS UNCARRIABLE. I PLAYED AGAINST THIS SMURF ZED LIKE 3 TIMES A WEEK AGO. is it time to go to a kings game?. kings scored 152?. her butt jiggles when she shoots. i want that one waifu. try again tmr. what the fuck. incoming. its funny kiting people. ashe fun to play ngl. here's a tier list with those bugs in consideration:. also apparently bugs make certain characters very good. repeating of course. ty lol. that's a 0.0233% chance. Join me on e7, gonna be an aespa stan asap. 8 billion people is too many. It’s for a good cause. or just more than one SSR. who are u rolling for. yea not that bad. the tutorial is annoying part. o ok not too bad then. and create new account. This Joji album is only 24 minutes long wtf. gotta download the entire game too right. and cant auto play. have to go through the entire tutorial. how many times did u reroll. add me when you're done rerolling aaron. only 1 gold color one. Im getting shit pulls on my forst 3 rerolls. you horny motherfucker. got a quiz to study for. shouldnt even be playing. 8 teammates across 2 games combine for 17-64. 2 games in a row where none of my teammates had more kills than deaths. wild rift sucks absolute cock. u mean every night at 9:13pm PST. This made me think of that time you committed mass genocide. new to NA. how tf is it new and already discord has 120k. Seems cool. Tf is that. Yall play nikke goddess of victory ???. @cum lord wait what happened to bts fan club did I leave by accident?. they better have cleaned their hands. and its never mentioned again. theyre fucking handeating porridge in the first 3 seconds of this video. and the fucking band is always doing the weirdest shi. mans got boundaries. thats respectable. and samberg refused to whip his dick out. he had fucking andy samberg on. they have to have asked her to send her outfit before hand. they fucking predicted her outfit lmfao. actually got everyone wearing the same thing. pretty good lol. first time watching this. its hard to keep track. he broke his desk so many times. i dont remember this. wait what the. and started copying what they were saying. that time he broke his desk and inside were midgets that were dressed as him and his guest. but i for sure am ok with not watching anymore. i dont regret watching thos. and they play emtional ass music. and claims hes hannibal's dad. where the old white dude comes out with his dick out. and the fucking nick cannon interview. he got denied and then still went for it. walked toward her and attempted to kiss her. pissed his pants. he asked his guest to sing with him. like withing 20 seconds of a clip. pissed his pants. he truly is something else. legit psychologically torments his guests. but then again so did most of those interviews. shit had me dying. definitely one of the best jokes. cuz its so random lol. its so funny and i cant even explain why. bruh she battled cancer and now has ms. that moment is honestly top 10 funniest lines on the show. she got a hollywood star today. quick shout out to christina applegate. Think so. are these the island boys. Wtf lol. #sactown. Exposing those frauds. Sabonis 26 pts 22 rebounds. So sga is the best player in the nba?. honestly. legendary photo tho. was that taken recently. 4 S ratings in 1.5K games. So cringe. play with me coward. Prolly mad they got beat by suckeesuckee6969 peak d4 player lmfao. I stomped 2 gm players and they stalked me after the game. nba here i come. shit i could do that. Basketball is too easy for giddy. What the fuck is this. They almost won with me kicking every dude outta nunu’s ult cus seraphime hit some crazy charms. Fuck that i ran around the jungle like a monkey playing lee sin. Im playing adc and fucker support first picks tristana and my team expects me to play seriously. did it think i would fat shame it?. caught a spider wrapping its meal up and then it ran away. guess your cousin doesnt want to get in. its too bad that my cousin will not be writing about that. yes cause of the addiction. thats a lot of porn. and then if they reject you sue for discrimination. horse porn addiction. straight porn addiction. like my porn addiction. my life is so hard. or a lower-class citizen. write about how youre discriminated against. write about being a minority. exactly. ucs love that shit. just fuckin write that youre gay or smth. theyre not hard. as for piqs. need a change. been stinky for too long. just wear your natural musk proudly. helping cousin with PIQs and laundry. whyre you stuck in your room. wtf priorities you got. i have put 2 dents in the wall. im throwing my frisbee against the wall. im going insane in my room. but have other priorities. its a holiday too. its friday night my guy. bro its basically the weekend. hopefully i can get there by this weekend. wait for me to reach g4. wait youre silver 1?. i think so. ive never heard of him. is he a good player?. i was aboutt to say. i dont think so i pulled that outta my ass. seriously?. considered sexy in england tho. looks like hed play the asshole kid in a disney show. look at his face. yes he is. no he isnt. dude is ugly wtf. Even tho he’s old. David Beckham sexy tho. U can pwn some noobs playing as messi. Codmobile x fifa happening rn. The ultimate test. ty. Alright I’ll resend it. These dudes are hot wtf. Sorry this was rude. is it gonna be better than blackpink x pubg tho. look at some real women for once. Cuz everyone was expecting a rerun of the slime anime collab. Yea aespa collab, but seeing a lot of hate. yea they're. No waifus tho. it's aight. Is the game actually fun?. no we play cookie run kingdom for the BTS collab. We playing epic 7 now????. damn that's one whole eppy. I don’t even know who kobeni is Don’t spoil it for me. Bro I’m 3 episodes in and haven’t watched in 2 weeks. @cum pedophile thoughts?. B b b b buttt corejj ruler bot lane. Just stay where it’s competitive and give me dank games. Bruh fuck NA I hope no one comes here. But tl ruler tho!????. they just leaked t1 chovy. And everyone just agrees lol. Chovy is tjere and theyre confused who he is and one dude is like “wasnt he just in the world finals, he plays for t1”. And theyre talking about if a val player deserves esports player of the year award and they bring up a picture with the candidates. Im watching this valorant podcast. not everything is about cum you weirdo. if anyone had a picture of your room its you. no just wondering if we have any proof of it lol. someone came on nemo and he wants proof it wasnt u. Someone asking for proof that we lived there?. you dont have to send it i was just curious. Uh I have a video on my snapchat. did you ever take a picture of the nemo wall. also am always down for museums/galleries. mb that was rude. Never considered the possibility. i heard of a few but never had any interest in them. Like 75% of these museums I didn’t even know existed. and thats why i floss my teeth every night. ok well i hope you get that. inflamed gums? something along the lines of gum disease. infected gums?. idek what that is really. hope you need dentures. until the weekend. never playing it again. also league is a dumb gaming. these dental bills racking up fast. hope you need a root canal tbh. i am not upset with the response rather the lack of urgency. hope you get a cavity tbh. bro said it was urgent and still took 15 minutes to respond. but then again whos stopping you. but i would assume no. woah didnt realize it was that urgent of a question for you. can we ejaculate on it?. what i meant to ask was. sorry that was weird. can we cum on it. That’s outside, we can go anytime. this has titties. Don’t know if there’s limited tickets depending on museum. what does this shit have to do with machine learning man. my class discords are truly built different. doesnt make them a saint. thats like saying someones better than hitler. eh better than cocaine. thats not good either lmfao. literally wokeup at 930 today to gym. there is no fuckin way that lasts my guy. it is only made for 1.5-3 months of use. the workout plan is called the demise. aint no way youre sticking to that. what the fuck. i will now be going to the gym twice a day. to counteract the weight gain. that was rude. fat bitch. bruh in the 12 days i left for dallas and irvine. month. are yall free this week/weekend?. that shit $$$ tho. movie but nothing interesting rn. mini golf but it sucks when we feel rushed and gonna be packed probably. bowling but we just went to yerba buena. lemme think. any indoor activities come to mind. it gonna rain tho. would have to be saturday. im probably only free saturday/sunday tho. wanna hang out before u go back to davis. okur 7 cent tip for u <3. for wing stop. wait whats wrong with your arm. It gonna rain. But we can still go. I gotta rest my arm. aaron wanted redemption. so top golf tuesday? @Deleted User. happy new year. Ty brotha. us when thebell drops. happy new year. Happy new year!!. join vc and say it to my face. happy new years hooligans. exactly what the enemy team was doing. open nexus and we threw smh. a magnificent throw by my team to end the year. whenever u speak. In what situation would this emote be used. 5 whole Lego pieces is all you will need. lego set when?. OKAY THATS WHAT I LIKE TO SEE. Hahahah got damn first quarter was crazy. lemme see if i can find it. wtf was the figure?. but it was mostly just slides then looking up the concept. but i'd try to corroborate the recording with the uploaded slides. bc recording on phone is ass. a good TA is op. did recording help with the understanding at all?. then i got carried by my TA on the final. so i'd just record each lecture on my phone and listen to it later. i remember in my discrete math class i could not understand my professor's thick japanese accent. next to the word. i even drew a little figure as to what it was. new dinosaur that ive never heard of. not a new word. Stupid bitch. @cum pedophile remember that time that we had a Japanese professor for dinosaurs and he would say mammal but you couldn’t understand him through the accent so you thought it was a new word. connect ur neural link with him and talk to him in his mind. bruh how are we supposed to know this. @Deleted User meet at kitchen story at 12. That’s too far man. Ay hold on. Frog won’t save you I’ll fuck him too. Fuck you I’m going to force myself onto you. how can i have an sti. before we continue this conversation. sir imma need you to get tested first for sti. havent ridden the k in a while. sheee bus all day? is that what im hearing. selfish ass. parking is gonna be rough. yea driving my dick into your ass. cuz if i drive i dont wanna drive downtown. and then ice skate?. yea im down to just meet at the restaurant. fuckin whore. why dont i kitchen story your ass bitch?. meet up before going to kitchen story?. also we are bussing to ice skating right?. and of the remaining two we seem to be leaning more towards kitchen story. so prolly not there. cuz from the pictures i only see 2 person tables, unless they will accommodate. heist im not sure if there will be enough space. wait so which one we going to. but u can get by with $$. The dollar signs are just lighter. Kitchen story?. also take some sexy pics for us. i will at you when we finalize the plan. But ill fly back ya. @cum lord are you coming with us tmr?. Scared me for a second. Bruh where the 4 dollar signs at. @cum pedophile are you paying?. Kitchen story seems good. Those got 4 dollar signs. @cum jester @cum queen thoughts?. im cool with all these. also hoping to eat around 12(?) if thats cool with everyone. check these ones, and if theyre not to our liking we can find more later. first one doesnt seem like theres much seats. or just meet up at the food place?. do you guys want to meet up before go for food?. earb. where. where. where. wherew. where. where. where. where. where. where. where. where. where. where. where. where. brekky/brunch is ok right?. downtown or a close by district?. including skate rental. we can go whenever. its just public skating from 10:30 to 9. the schedule changed for winter break. I breathe from nose. sorry tht was rude. Guess I’ll try again on my laptop. we're busing yea?. Looks like we camp out tonight. Where did you see the hours?. @Deleted User yo we can go at 11 and avoid the children. happy birthday harold at harold. overcome your icephobia. @cum lord do you wanna come on wednesday. who[s tina. shes looking for tina. also looking back i dont think shes into guys. Leading her on. I feel a bit bad leaving her on read like this. Should I respond in English or chinese. bitchass. she got a convertible too in the background. but it has to be in chinese. go for it. im finna text her right now. real question is how did they get mine. How you get their number?. I don’t have work. Wednesday is a good day for me. youre not gonna be here. @Deleted User ice skate wednesday?. Not raining those days. When we ice skating. Whatever Gaylord. theres another one next week. Whore. Where was my invite. i just got back from a family dinner an hour ago. fuck you doing online so late. soundz goog. i want some chestnuts now. chyesnyuts ryoastring orn yan ropen fieeeeh. merry christmas two hours ago. merry christmas . i didnt even know knives out 2 was coming out. omg really. its on netflix if you have that. i wanted to watch knives out 2 :3. yes but in the end he wasnt even the star. but also that's my job get your own sweetie. i love daniel craig having a southern accent tho. the ending was extremely unsatisfying. @cum jester knives out 2 was mid. can i b a pocket mercy. we will continue without our pocket mercy. its ok. i just climbed into bed. we have a 4 stack. who else. o misremembering another person's bday. Hbd Harry cause 99% chance I don’t remember lmao. but ty. 23rd yea?. @cum herald happy belated btw. Giants reputation saved. mets might not sign correa also due to his physical. better question is why are we not already doing this. can someone foot the 25 cent charge. I believe the bill was 96.25. do meth not math. was golf $24 a person? totaling $96? @cum queen. but we got THE ROGER TWINS ON THE GIANTS. we might not have gotten any big names in free agency. can we do this. no tokyo banana tho ppl yoinked that shit. also got those cookies that harry wanted. i got a tata one too but we dont talk about that. shit was 300yen a roll. i rolled like 3 times on gacha for the mang. the bob is bob. the mang is something u can hang on ur charger cord. got this for u aaron lmao. oh yea i bought some knick knacks in japan. That thing looks stupid. Don’t lie to him. cool keychain babe. wtf is that. and this dude just takes it. i fucking combo summoned a 37/37. lmfao hearthstone is such a dogshit game. fuck you coward. sorry boo. knew your bitchass wasnt going to. whatever. im done for tonight. tft and aram only. these people are next level. i am done with ranked. @cum pedophile show the keychain you fucking coward. show keychain. and chocolate. @cum pedophile how was work honey. scars fade with time . i know i have, yeesh . and don't force yourself too much. preferably water based. use plenty of lube. with something girthy. remember to stretch. wish i was limber. imagine not stretching in the morning. Remind me to stretch too. I pulled something. Kinda miss those fairs. Ayo actually tho. This one’s for you. Nvm that’s too much work. I’ll write a sample. we need to write these into a fan fict. Why don’t I ice skate my way into your ass penis first. i'm down for all of the above. When we having homosexual relations. When are we taking it into our own hands to experience the opportunities available to us in this world. When we doing the things that life has to offer. Yan when we ice skating bruv. Yea shut the fuck up and take this cock in your ass god. the rizzler out here. Can I get your number. dunno if we will get it tho. but a jojo collab was announced for japan. been 20 years and were still waiting. no we are like the straw hats. can we get much higher (so high). (Picture of whitebeard with massive penis). THE ONE PIECE IS REAL. Did I miss the one piece pad collab?. yo we going to watch spider man across the spider verse?. not very ecstatic or sensational of you. And the toast is cum. And the banana is cum. Imagine the peanut butter is cum. Let me try again. its having the opposite effect. I am trying to enhance your meal enjoyment. im outta here. Imagine the banana is a long hard throbbing cock. and youre trying to ruin it >:((((. im just trynna eat this yummy toast. Imagine that peanut butter is feces. bread with peanut butter and banana. (In Isabella voice from phineas and ferb). Whatcha eating?. while eating. should not have opened this message. Your ass is prolapsed (like his tongue). when are we golfing?. as in. my teeth hurt from watching this. (my mouth is the woman and your ass is the guy). i dont like these options. If you were not truly sorry you would send a video of you sounding. If you were truly sorry you would send a video of you sounding. same but it's nice to have u back beb. i barely post these days. also please add me back @cum king i wont make inappropriate comments again. also f u yan didnt make me a bereal emote. both. hope i seize function in my sleep. i thot this was old. is this new o.O. ok i'm gonna cum n pass away hopefully (any order). isnt she part tho. frick u snitch. what skool did u go to @cum goodnight. is it like twitter but on ig. zuck's new thang. tied to ig. is that a clothing store. what is threads. i h8 elon musk i cant look at twitter without an account. we watched hsm @cum herald. my fave streamer. who is chiblee. i see kenny witta girl who'd settle down on a home ranch. i need me a girl who'd settle down in a home ranch. harry's a fatty. new hair! new tee! new jeans! do you see!. this song is 4 u harry. i got that schmeat. the way kevin donowalled me. what's YOUR history. whats the tea w/ kevkevwong. I HAVENT SKIPPED IN LIKE 10 MINUTES. have them sit on ur lap u Whore. no one's in my room besides ur mom. not that long. like a couple of years maybe. mmm mostly about maple i gesh. speedrunners manipulate their saves im p sure. if only soundboard on mobile. i outdamaged kenny as a support. no i just turned it on rn. sorry im dumb. and then just all of the elements . my smoke grenades reduce the dmg they do + increase dmg they take, slow + corrosion and then i have da cc. Idk semen role should have all permissions. Maybe cause you guys are the same role?. Night. which one. cum goodnight or cum good morning. this man is playing by himself.. and he's on grindr. he's a grinder. why is kennygee a higher level than me in gunfire reborn. i cant change ur nickname. that way he's saying it even if he's not saying it.. ill take cum good morning. someone change kevkevwong's nickname to "cum goodnight". where's icex258. donowall is crazy. @cum goodnight. andy warlock became piss god and threw him back into da ship. i looked away for one sec howd he get saved. and do they frick. is this allegorical to noah's ark. omg its british eyebrow boy. these kids look like they dance for sia. is this adam warlock. I’m eating rn. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum queen @cum goodnight borderlands today?. nvm the second half of this is loaded LET'S GO. tfw u ask for extra jalapeno spread but they just dont give u it instead. the skill were so trash that they had to double everything is insane. i was building owl wrong, apparently his secondary is bonkers. ~~still in tespia tho~~ prob final till further notice bc kms patch in 3 days i think pog. more than doubled what your 6th job skill's gonna do _. @cum goodnight. wow i love super shy by newjeans!. thanks for the help. okie that was a fun troubleshooting session. dont you need it?. honestly. nothing happened. where are these 5 dollar ones. wait no way its 5 bucks. wait so restart?. i just get rid of the thing in the corner. windows keys r for losers. ill restart and see. i did not have it activated. honestly i might just buy an actual headset. i honestly might just order another headset. ok looks like ill need an adapter then. is it bc you're super shy super shy. on the wire. headphone has a mic. head phone cord. not for me at least. lucid/will never drop boxes. when will will drop me a box . you dont need that money. i have luwill carry in 1 hr. trying to talk to kenny is like trying to talk to a deaf person without sign language. look who it is. @cum jester @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier gunfire???. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum jester @cum queen @me when you guys wanna. im down i wanna beat nightmare. gunfire when. @cum queen do you want to listen to super shy with me. im super shy super shy. Drafted 3rd overall out of highschool. what's up with maple. @cum goodnight sorry i was writing this. [Scene starts with Shadow holding Sonic up with one hand by the neck] Shadow: You're not even good enough to be my fake. I am the ultimate lifeform. Sonic: Heh, we'll see about that, faker! Bring it on! [Scene transitions to Sonic and Shadow, both wounded from their intense battle, making up after fighting] Sonic: Hey, you're not bad for a faker, and you're pretty cute. [Sonic mounting Shadow] Shadow: Wh-what do you mean by that, Sonic? (panicked tone) [Sonic kissing Shadow in a passionate heat] kissing with heavy breathing Shadow: Oh yeah.... [Some time passes] [Knuckles kissing Sonic on the forehead] Sonic: KN-KN-KNUCKLES, what are YOU doing here? Knuckles: Hey Sonic. [Knuckles and Sonic now cuddling] Sonic: Aw, yeah... I love you too. [Shadow enters the room, all the while Sonic and Knuckles are making out] Shadow: Hey honey. I'm back from- WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS. Sonic: SHADOW?! I CAN EXPLAIN. [Shadow is furious at this point, gleaming with rage] Shadow: AAAAAAAAAAAAA FUCK YOU SONIC. FUCK OFF [Shadow breaks down, now crying a stream of tears]. i be on in 15-20. as in. What does this mean tho. @cum goodnight SAY GOODNIGHT U COWARD. why is superman a babygorl. my internet is collapsing upon itself. that changeup is sick. Future cy young. Witt had exactly 30 last year. he had 28 steals. The royals 2014-2015 team bailed me. Or last year. Pretty sure like 2 years ago?. Had him on my fantasy team last year. when the hell did cruz play for washington. Thank god its correct. Witt was my first guess. Asian players have to be fast. I guessed shin soo choo. Who tf played on the nats. @cum queen @cum goodnight be better. The least rare score tho. Im actually so close. Just meed like 5 more hrs to think. Ight ima try it. @cum lord bro this grid is fucked. literally dodge simulator. that boss is so crazy. U wanna tag team the nezt immaculate grid tonight at 9 @cum king. Yea I can’t think of any for the team ones. Forgot he’s on Cavs. I guessed donnovan Mitchell for heat jazz. Also there’s less nba players. Onlyknow turner cus he was warriors trade talk. Ya idk nba players like this. I thought his first name was spelt miles. Oh yea. Maybe i cliked wrong turner. Some old ass dude. Like 50 years ago. Maybe there’s another player with the exact same name lmfao. When i clicked him forst tome it didnt. Tirner also worked. I originally guessed turner. Me too. Surprised pg is there. So i was praying one of them would work lol. I only know aaron gordon and lavine. For dunk contest and rookie team. Just guessed random players i knew from those teams. How did you get those LOL. Thats the best i got. Ima tey the basketball one. I have not completed one either. Bbref and putting the date range 1800-1900. No way theyre not just bbrefing this shit. You don’t know about bobo newsom?. How is this even possible. After today. Ima remember dick groat foecer. Without searching. Like u gotta know these players. Lefty grove?. That dude is a huge nerd. I believe that one is legit. Seeing that it’s foolishbaseball. Actually. Check the replies. No way this person actually knew that. Dick groat is fake. I only know Koufax from that grid. Thats so fucked. Bro who knows all rookie second team players. Its crazy. The ppls replies. Look at the thread. But the non team categories are stupid. Also there’s an nba one. Bunch of Kobys. But 9 being the most common score seems bullshit to me. Idk what kind of ppl play this. Its like theyre making players up. Putting players i never heard of. Those fuckers try to get the best rarity score. If u check twitter posts. But too hard to remember. Cause they get passed around. I feel like relievers are op but I just don’t know that many. Melancon played for both. Still on the pirates?. Whats his name. For clutch i think. The dude the giants traded. Lol that’s so random. I thonk thats his name. Cutch the goat. Cole clutch and bonds. I only know like 3 pirates players. Did not know he actually played for pirates lol. I guessed Bautista for blue jays pirates. He played for the bluejays?. Or any pirates thats not mvp. Or bluejays 20w. Yea I know no other As pitchers. And now dont know who to put for giants as. I used him on As 20wins. Fucking wasted zito on As giants. Yea i tried it last night. I fucking wasted a player so I got 8. @cum lord giants in the immaculate grid today. Oh it’s a different character. Put that mask back on. i think the owl is op. and no chance of booming 12>15 anymore. 15>16 is free. just get everything to 16. i never have car on weekdays. wanna drive me harry xd. o. @cum herald HAN IL KWAN CLOSEWD TMRW. he's not part of semen @ btw. I will be. so is brawl stars. why. that game is sad. @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum queen any of you driving tmr?. im deciding if i should drive or not. why does that matter. whos driving tmr. im ok with that. and then to ggp. we meet there?. @cum jester @cum queen @cum herald so 3 pm han il kwan?. Im smashing chris in round 1 play offs lmao. Yup and trout. You still got bichette and trout on fantasy team?. i learned a lot from that vid. got too much energy. hes chill t ho. yea i remember. i didnt see his potato ass cause he blended in with the kitchen floor. and he was in the kitchen. still remember that time his parents brought him over. is walter still alive?. hold that old fuck hostage. i remember their home address. im gonna hunt his family. and move to europe. hes gonna block all our numbers. hell probably let us know. should be soon tho. not yet. Did u guys get the deposit back from sam. i think im done th. Wtf are these players. What is this 100T?. For the silence?. I’m fine with catch in ggp too. What time is lunch?. everyone on team except you queued for duo. Didnt know that lol. Onrly. you can view their profile and see what they queue for. They wanted adc?. this proves that duo players are dogshit. Yea i saw him not do it on our t1. doesnt even know to satchel charge turrets to execut. and he knocks him back so i cant. i was trying to walk behind panth to hit him. dude this fucking ziggs. I got fucking 20% battery’d there @cum king. im cait main now. thats why. so if we lose. they dont wanna see me in masters. whatever man. stg randoms are allergic to magic damage dealers. Ok ready to game. i can bring a frisbee too. @cum queen catch in ggp?. Rip. they want my money. city sports club really wants me to join. sorry i got called. all that lubing and shit looks annoying. u should build ur own. what switches did u go for. he doesnt want my money. then after i submitted he ghosted me. sent me a google form to fill out about specs and stuff. jarons friend builds them and said he would do one for me. im gonna get a custom one from taeha types. ducky shine is pretty good tho. not really that big in the keyboard scene. do u have any keyboard recommendations. but that's down the line. eventually u wanna swap to display port when u build your computer. yea better to assume that than to find out it doesn't when it arrives. im guessing the monitor only comes with itsself. then u need an hdmi cord. display port/hdmi/the old thing with pins. check what port your laptop has. do i need to buy whatever these things are. its like since 100t got swept it hurts me watching the doublelift stream / analysis. 49ers lost so i cant watch them shit talk. you be watching first take. www.roblox.com/ispykitten. roblox.com/ispykitten. i stalk your computer activities. u dont know that. i need the ultimate set up for blox fruit. yea for now, ill build a desktop next year. usually they come with the cable. wait are you connecting the monitor to your laptop?. do i need to buy some cable thing to connect them. i just want one now cus my work laptop is like 9 inch screen. if u ever feel the need. u can always just get another one down the line anyways. at least for me. but i dont think i need 2. i might just get the first one then. for aesthetic sure. not sure actually. i hear LG monitors are really good. do people usually get the same for the double set up. one of my monitors is 60hz. are both of ur monitors the same?. o. colors might be sharper. why is that so much more expensive then. 144hz looks so much smoother. i mean even if you're not gaming. this is 60hz. he said thats if ur not looking to game. he also sent me this. ill buy two of them. i'm running 2 mons tho. i think 27 is big enough for me. really depends on if u think 27in is big enough. good res/refresh rate. Jaron friend recommended me this one a while ago. @cum queen do u have any recommendations for monitor. Yea ofc I can. @cum queen can you make me this drink. i'm fine having second lunch post-3 o'clock. but ik its kinda late for lunch at that point. it depends when you guys plan on doing luncc. do you intend on joining us for lunch. curry? ramen?. don't fucking say it doesn't matter because we are literally free. so we can meet at a convenient time for u. on chewsday. thot yan wanted vietnamese. beach. nothing to do in balboa. where are we going for dinner. what are we doing after. kenneth said he'd be ok with han il kwan. yes but when are we meeting. chewsday innit. @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum queen @cum herald we still have not solidified our plans. Random name generator’d their org name. Just found iut they r flying oysters. Who is CFO. i got the same text. if rng make it out of play ins they might be in same group as 100t. C9 looks like the best team na is going to send to worlds since ive been watching league. Is this confirmed. 100t big braining by losing lcs for an easier groups. gen g and 100t and minor region. c9 t1 and edg in same group. where u at kennny. you're in a grate. whats an ingrate. Get a load of this ingrate. i just rolled the chop fruit -_-. and they didnt have the storage option. i just wanted to try more. in fact its way better than the one i have now. The audacity. Zzzz reroll the fruit I give and now complaining. where is the storage?. but those fans are crazy. idk what they do different. they really were tho. Watching was so hype. Lec crowd was electric. and also apparently light is bussin. check how they changed dark. u can store fruits in storage more easily now. i mean i got a love fruit but it isnt good. They got shit on. @cum lord wat happened. wait thats actually better. i shouldve responded tbh. got invited to a bbq. Bet your msgs aren’t as poppin as mine. Pray they dont break it again. Im pretty sure 100T hold the record for fastest finals loss when Tl swept them. what the actual yuck. i feel the love. you really are up before 9 looking at these memes and thinking about me. @cum pedophile this reminds me of you. there are fruit to be bloxed. @Deleted User anyone wanna game?. it gives u the option when u use it now. u can store fruits now. only good for pvp. what did you reroll. and feel better to use. at least magma skills look way better. skyisland with no flight gonna be painful. im rerolling this shit. are you at skyisland?. I CANT FLY. why youre so weird man. I cant now . @cum lord now?. kk ill let u know my discoveries later. @cum herald gonna eat. he wanted the intel for the pentagon lmao. thats literally what gabe said. get the intel for the pentagon. oh yea i forgot intels come in the pentagon. uhhh we will think of that later. buy during lunch and eat during dinner. fr this time. ok im down for han il kwan. omg so true i am also so starved and longing for chicken that has been battered and fried. all this talk about balk got me thinking about eating some bawk bawkin chickens. cringe af. mmm cant wait. sounds good to me. ok cool. u guys wanna go eat fried chicken. Balk Rules You can't just be up there and just doin' a balk like that. 1a. A balk is when you 1b. Okay well listen. A balk is when you balk the 1c. Let me start over 1c-a. The pitcher is not allowed to do a motion to the, uh, batter, that prohibits the batter from doing, you know, just trying to hit the ball. You can't do that. 1c-b. Once the pitcher is in the stretch, he can't be over here and say to the runner, like, "I'm gonna get ya! I'm gonna tag you out! You better watch your butt!" and then just be like he didn't even do that. 1c-b(1). Like, if you're about to pitch and then don't pitch, you have to still pitch. You cannot not pitch. Does that make any sense? 1c-b(2). You gotta be, throwing motion of the ball, and then, until you just throw it. 1c-b(2)-a. Okay, well, you can have the ball up here, like this, but then there's the balk you gotta think about. 1c-b(2)-b. Fairuza Balk hasn't been in any movies in forever. I hope she wasn't typecast as that racist lady in American History X. 1c-b(2)-b(i). Oh wait, she was in The Waterboy too! That would be even worse. 1c-b(2)-b(ii). "get in mah bellah" -- Adam Water, "The Waterboy." Haha, classic... 1c-b(3). Okay seriously though. A balk is when the pitcher makes a movement that, as determined by, when you do a move involving the baseball and field of Do not do a balk please. Dont say that, u doubted them. #100TWon. What an ult. They not winning. No closer Lee sin. the old league youtuber???. what the fuck kaori?. wtf seaman. and i pwned your stupid ass fire fruit. whore. also fuck you for killing admiral one time and getting drop. i will buy you spin fruit to make it up. i paid for it with my hard earned blox fruit cash. p2w cheater. i was very upset. and it droppedp. then u sniped my asso. i was holding a flame fruit earlier. this was the response to my request. My name ispykitten some weirdo def gonna think im a girl and buy me one. Im becoming gear 5 luffy 10000000000000 bounty. my dignity. Thats it. U can buy a venom fruit on ebay for $6.50. @cum king @cum pedophile. among other possibly borderline pedophilic accusations (regardless of truth). and ppl attributing sussy-ness to drake. hes so hurt by someone not liking his music. yeah its funny. Hes rich and so many ppl love his music. this is the real one from drake himself. this is the doctored one that fantano posted. so now he looks hella insecure. drake posted the dms publicly for everyone to see. so then anthony fantano made a video saying drake sent him a vegan cookie recipe as a joke. also something about him having a black wife i think?. using fantanos rating system and basically saying hes a 1 as a human. and then drake dm'd him some insecure ass shit. so fantano gives drake songs kinda shit reviews. What happened lol. drake so mad at anthony fantano. I just noticed g2 fans are called army. Nadeshot would never. And when he apologized via tweet, he was still liking tweets defending him and tate. basically said he hangs out with whoever he wants. oh carlos also tweeted defending him. And other fucked up stuff apparently. Human trafficing and rape. Hes pretty fucked. thought he was just some alpha male weirdo. yeah thats fucke. wait actually?. Or whatever it is. Human trafficer. And a lot of other shit. I think hes like a sex trafficer. like i hang out with yan and that dude admitted to being racist. is being seen with that person that egregious?. New brawler out. So the g2 board prob said fuck that and made him step down. And also g2 didnt get into valorant franchinsing bcus riot saw the andrew tate thing. Andrew tate is pretty fucked up. Even after the andrew tate thing. is that enough to get you cancelled these days?. i saw he hung out with andrew tate. what exactly did he do?. Never thought thats happen. Carlos stepped dowm as g2 ceo. If u test it. Its so weird cus ceces internet. if you dont shell out for gig speed then youre not committed to the cause. bruh thats just lag. I fucking point my movement wheel opposite direction game takes a second to understand. It was fine this morning. And my e didnt even go off when i used it on wave. Its literally 2 seconds sometimes. Look how delayed my movement is. Lemme send through i meesage. brand fucking dispresecting your mother and you out here letting him. i aint playing with you till you fix your shit. 15 second vid over 100mb love@to see it. Look at this. My game is so scuffed. and then lose fight. for hime to come. when we see yone bpt. 1 sec im in aram. @cum king viper meiko cosplay?. but havent taken the time to watch yet. i heard its good too. Have u seen it @cum pedophile. I heard cyberpunk edgerunnernis rly good. for most picked champ and what not. @Deleted User theres new worlds pickem stuff. damn high elo norms. Check the ranks of my team and enemies. Played in a norm tho. inting on a champ you dont know. bruh you are on of the first time yones that you feared. Then proceeded to run it. I solo killed the darius for first blood. Check my latest yone game tho. It do be a shit experience. Im never touching solo q ad role ever again. Am i wrong that ezreal early game gets ran the fuck down by lucian?. i will be back too. The lil nas song prettygood. Source: i dreamed it. Idk actually. wait rekkles to vit? for real??. Danny also not playing in worlds. Team is actually insane. hang on i gotta figure out how to install jupyter notebook on windows. According to the wr discord gm is 20 marks. idk if college chinese 3 is diff than high school tho. That one is hard as fuck the entire class is taught in chinese. i dont think so. Is it the honor one or whatever. What Chinese class is she in. she is my roommates gf @cum herald. but i didnt expect her to rant about this dude in her chinese class. but she kinda chatty. shes here. that was 30 minutes ago. @cum pedophile bruh i asked michelle how classes were. Just finished the dishes (LETS GOOOOO) now who wants to game (specifically wildrift. thats a no go sir. Give yan ur other account so we can trio. i have important news for u. yea cameo is paid service. either that or hes a memelord. people paid him to say shit right. these sweaty fucks. just got invited to a fuckign wildrift 5 man. i recently saw the jax arabic copy pasta. something something chinese gold hack something something. yea pyke always seems to have the most gold in the game. had more gold than vayne im pretty sure. yea especially since its a pyke lol. end up with less gold than enemy support. ya those games are just go nexts. but its such a useless game to play. im actively inting on that account so i dont rly care. it was on dilf69. fighting support for your own gold. like you dont have any income at all. yea legit the worst feeling ever. Just so lux can stay and nuke the wave while im walking back. If they didnt kill me they forced me to back. Right after she did that. Blew all skills on wave. Didnt buy support item. I just played with a support lux. also i did not realize the song was released liek a week ago. wish i could do that. he did the coin finger thing. chovy looks hella cool tho. But the video isn’t as hype/work well with the song. Different vibe from previous years. Good song. where nudyr man. @cum pedophile you seen the lil nas x song. leave a flaming pile of dogshit at my door and run. they fucking ding dong ditch me. wtf man they always leave the server so i cant even respond. these guys are no amateur haters. i cant even lie these make me laugh. where sam. this is so doomed. i dont remember any of this. my circuits professor posted some review from the prereq class. get cece to play. Had to get cece to translate. He started typing chinese. put him at ease. just say ur chinese too. Ur right. cant be raging in public. naw im in the library. yeah the grammar be off. Its jist the way they type u just know lol. I think i scared him when i guessed hes chinese. or even higher. i wanna know what our winrate is when we duo bot. He and his duo gets stomped. holy fuck i need that booster. is he better than us. Based off the way he wrote his messages i kinda knew he was a chinese person so i asked and he said yea. whats his winrate. Hes an international student from east coast Chinese gamer. What rank. i got a "smurf" to add me @cum king. I’m fucking giga chad every game. Bruh they think I need boosting??. Unless ur busy with lame ass school. So many smurfs lgf. I can grab a random smurf from there to boost us @cum king. In arena of valor a lot of chinese ppl dm u boosting services. Probably is. Wait it could be this too.. Wtf is it pride month. Changing this server to that vanity so all the tryhards join. Wildrift better u can tokyo drift ashe arrow. Same champs = same game. Idk about that. The skills are transferrable. He grinding for faker bootcamp. @cum herald. We need Harry to become a cracked mid laner. I can’t sell that. I would have to give my riot account. Got pc league skins too. U have to too late. I’m not selling my account. I thought he’s offering boosting services. Give me that fat china money baby. Is he buying it. I’m selling my account. U wanna hit grand master today? @cum king. "service me". They just said they’re at your service. did he say how much he was offering. paul knows me so well. First line was asking whether you were lonely playing by yourself overseas. It’s a account buying and selling thing. Sadly not a gaming team offer. Uhhh I can try translating after my class. Did I just get an offer to a gaming team?. Can you translate this. There r no patch notes or anything. For me at least. Idk but there was an in game update. forreal?. New update they mightve updated the diuble relic. emerald is insufferable. fuck that shit. Lmaoo i kinda wamna get a bronze account. shit is cursed. Anyways who wanna climb to challenger. i still remember i used to just know her as dyrus gf. Is she still the only woman?. @cum pedophile can be our sex appeal. We can make the next OTV spearheaded by k3nnyg33. hard to tell if ppl will actually leave. Which is kinda fucked but. Even if twitch takes 50%. Thats a shit ton of money. 80k subs tho. True yea. adin ross. just talking and reacting to shit. but these dudes are just reality tv type dudes. like i know the ones that play games. I didnt hear of him until he broke like 80K subs a month ago. yeah i feel like theyre a completely different kind of streamer tho. Yea idk how kaicenat dude blew up. he kinda nailed it tho. I watched this clip live and almost fucking died laughing. i read that he set fire to his room cause he set fireworks off inside. I have this funny as vid of him wait. Me neither until like last month. yeah lmao speed is weird tho. IShowspeed. ive actually never seen him before. But theres a black youtube streamer who is also huge. who tf is this dude. Uhh lemme find him. wait who. That too prob. you talkin about his dick?. Theres this black dude whos huge too. I have yt premium so im chillin. Twitch so annoying with their ads. like if xqc switches to yt. guess well have to see what happens. And 1080 p only for subs or whatever. But apparently yt has 4k and twitch only 1080p. Are you still using the switches I gave you?. This looks so good!. Pink one looks a bit better imo but i like the shape of this keycap. holy shit breakdancing cat. all i have to say is. ok i just noticed this message. he stayin muted. @cum goodnight. I HATE YOU I AHTEYOIOIRADSIURFHTWUSDEHYUIWSDHIAISUQI. I HATE YOU. craving anything?. shweet. wanna get lunch tmrw i have a half day @cum king @cum queen. it's a goofy game. fuck that game. no he's still out i think. so we wanna like fumble through the game. we are first timing. we can have large party. hey we could omega party if u rly wanted. am playing with others sry. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna pway hawhahwhahw. trexxon launched lethal company?. I’m ready. its OVER. ansel sleeps early we never playing. I can play later tonight. how long are u dinnering for @cum goodnight. this is like when the host of a minecraft/terraria world is never available. we r never playing. where kenny. thats why im telling you now. until u leave us and afk to pick up a friend slash go to tacobell. i can play for like an hour and a half. if we play now. awesome sauce!. @cum goodnight @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier are we lethal companying. is this the new apex/cod mobile. Yo. they should tbh. Do u think micro center sells. theyre p cheap if u need to get one. it didnt come with one?. would try it but i dont have the plucker thing. These bad boys finally came. THAT SHIT DOESNT HURT. I GOT SHOT THRU THE STAIRCASE AND FLOOR . what about your arm. my backs sore from catch. 2 years ago?. bro that was almost a year ago. how far you scroll for that. thank thank thank. happy birthday @cum jester. ok yea i didnt know whether to multiply by iterations or not. The time complexity of the provided pseudo code for the simulated annealing algorithm remains similar to the previous analysis: 1. Initialization: The initialization step has a negligible impact on the overall time complexity. 2. Simulated Annealing Loop: - The while loop runs until curr_temp reaches a threshold, which is based on the cooling schedule. - The number of iterations depends on the cooling schedule (alpha), initial temperature (inittemp), and the specified threshold (threshold). The loop's complexity can be considered linear with respect to the number of iterations. 3. Candidate Function: - The time complexity of the candidate function depends on the operations inside it. These operations involve selecting nodes, swapping, inverting, or inserting elements in the state list. Assuming these operations are performed on a list of size n, they generally have a time complexity of O(n). 4. Cost Function: - The cost function iterates through the state list to calculate the total distance. It involves a loop over the nodes in the state list. Assuming n nodes, the time complexity is O(n) as it goes through each node to calculate distances. Overall, the time complexity of the simulated annealing algorithm in this case is also primarily dependent on the number of iterations in the while loop, the complexity of the cost and candidate functions, and any additional operations within these functions. It can be approximated as O(iterations N), where iterations represents the number of iterations in the while loop and N is the size of the state space being explored.. yea i dont see anything higher than o(n) operation. grab two nodes find distance what does this entail. python initial_greedy_algorithm = run greedy alg # returns list of nodes (i.e. <a style="text-decoration:none;color:rgb(0, 168, 252);cursor:pointer !important" href="" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="">1,2,3,4,5,6</a> def simulated_annealing(init_state, alpha=0.95, init_temp=5000, treshold = 0.1): curr_temp = init_temp solution = init_state bad_sol_count = 0 while curr_temp > (threshold*init_temp): next_solution = candidate(solution) dist_diff = cost(next_solution) - cost(solution) if dist_diff < 0: solution = next_solution elif dist_diff = 0: solution = next_solution else: if rand(0,1) <= exp{abs(dist_diff) / curr_temp}: solution = next_solution else: bad solution came up -> increment bad solution count. curr_temp = currtemp alpha return solution , cost(solution) def cost(state -> list): -> float dist = 0 for i in range(length of state): grab two nodes find distance dist += distance between i,i+1 node if at last node of state: dist += distance between last, first node return distance def candidate(state -> list): -> list ,,, from <a style="text-decoration:none;color:rgb(0, 168, 252);cursor:pointer !important" href="https://www.hindawi.com/journals/cin/2016/1712630/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" title="https://www.hindawi.com/journals/cin/2016/1712630/">https://www.hindawi.com/journals/cin/2016/1712630/</a> 1 inverse, 2 insert, 3 swap need to randomize ,,, number = pick random number [1,2,3] if number = 1 do inverse: select i,j node i != j and i < j. state = take ith node and jth node and inverse the positions between them. if number = 2 to insert: select i,j node i != j state = move i to before j. if number = 3 do swap: select i, j node i != j state = swap positions of nodes i and j. return state -> list. one sec. @cum king can u help me on time complexity for my psuedo code. @cum lord why your spotify pfp a minion. Or this game is gonna be hard as fuck. T1 comp better roll in like 20 minutes. T1 draft is refreshing. who even is he. yo can they get this fucking yellow jcaket dude out the way tho. where the fuck is new jeans. bro the 3d models look so bad. to castration?. and i am going to eat it up. @cum herald. with a rusted knife. if you guys dont answer in the next 5 minutes i am going to castrate both of you. @cum herald 12 tmr?. idk, i hope its not the monitor. if so, port itself might be faulty. unplugged from monitor?. turned on my comp and saw the lines and then unplugged and re plugged and it worked. it was working fine the other day. uhhh its ok kind of?. did new displayport cable fix yan's computer. fat asian baby things. why is he shaped like that. spent last hour trying to figure out why tensorflow doesnt run just to realize that it doesnt support python 3.12. I HATE YOU GUYS. nvm my dad is very loudly practicing chinese intonations i can't talk. im getting the game to hear kenny's comms i'm sick and tired of this. i just realized i can't hear kenny because he's the one streaming. akin to falling asleep in call together. if so that's very cute. are u using in game comms in lethal company while sitting muted in discord @cum goodnight @cum queen. @Deleted User what time sunday. let's freakin park it up. Or waffles and something else. raining tomorrow but sunday looks fine @Deleted User. but in time complexity you usually disgregard number coefficients. technically yea its 2n. if i have a function that loops through a list and returns an int and i do f(x) - f(y) is that still O(n)?. like looping through a list is n. finding time complexity isnt too bad. thats not due until later lol. havent written the real code yet. like you have an algorithm that you need to find the time complexity of?. i need to do both. not there but idont even know the time complexity. where does it say space complexity. that takes more space than doing it in place. if you have to copy an array or something. like how many variables it stores per loop or something?. how much memory does it take lol. i think das more worth. and it's always either e1 or lc. but her lc also seems goog. so u dont have to choose. i think new battle pass item. real item or just beta. tears of dreams. before the free one. wtf a free lynx LOL. but then u lose da crit rate. straight attack ornament?. idk what else youd use on him. theyre just not good pieces. i think this is probably correct. or ornament set. also we dont even know if we have the right relic set. 36 starred so he's not too bad i guess. hes also at lvl 6 talents. my lack of debuffs n good relics for him is not a good showcase. ugh but topaz. kill 2k mobs 3 times over the course of a week. make sure u start new event btw. for this event?. what the. at least make them squishier if not a little weaker . oh they too are so freakin annoying. IT WAS THE FAT MANS ADDS. IT WASNT EVEN THE G ORILLA. WHAT THE FRUACURIK RAOSLAKSPOSIPQJKWIPOLAWSJQSIOQWSJQSIOKQWS\. they might have an FAQ. join the f/p discord. how to play f/p. f/p is busted. peaches in salads are fire. u can also throw in like. normally 35k. free roblox skin if u care enough. nexon can suck my cock. don't worry my gears already in the AH. wtf does getting ejaculated mean. twolves brasil is the only twitter account i care about. > Frenzy Totem effects will only apply to the hunting map of the character that used the Frenzy Totem. The effect will disappear once the character leaves the instanced map.. @cum goodnight. he is the goat. that would be kinda hilarious tho. imagine weibo winning and caedrel jumping with joy inside the t1 office while they're in shambles. i think the koreans wud poop on t1 for letting that happen. i mean itd look pretty dumb for t1 to host someone cheering for their enemy. who honestly cares that much. he’s cheering for the opposing team . what the how is it cringe. o. get on what. Correas numbers this past season . 9ish. when on. 333 and poopknight. 369 played like a God... Which God? Ares, the son of ZEUS.. joe marsh kicking caedrel out of t1 facilities for finals streaming is kinda cringe lmao. but its not even full. i thought itd be packed and the crowd just wouldnt cheer for jdg. this vid so hype. so quiet for the chinese players. not even supporting their crown jewel. cant same the same for other regions. na fans go to games even when no na teams play. the tournament is so good. when NA hosts. NA should host ever year. seats empty even t1 game. @cum pedophile u anger me. but we have to start earlier. we can play tmr. @cum pedophile u anger me. Im so ready. Holy shit the jdg t1 vid is so hype. why does yan sound like a chad r u sick. his sister is named lin et. giga chad the shy. this dudes voice is putting me to sleep. also jj redick is not fit to be a color commentator. gonna rig some player ratings. ima work at 2k. i play one den i leave for a bit then come back . i have more wins in builds. might as well try builds. we suck at no building anyways. IM TRYING TO PICK UP THE GUN. wat if we become builders uwu. look who it is. i widaly hate fortnite. missing fornite mobile. @cum goodnight. How about now. @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum queen any fortniters. i didnt realize hes still only 29. 40 year old bellinger definitely will be a good player. Thoughts on bellinger 12yrs/264m. i mean animation locked*. its just surviving random whole map deaths. u have as+1 just so u can use monster park to break cap. its not even the damage tbh. facts. and i just realized its bc i forgot my monster park pots. i always kill pap on 1 life left. some people get to end game without a drop. yea pretty rare. i'll get on in a bit, testing some stuff. is drop rate for pap mark still low?. are you starring rn. lmk when ur outside. @cum herald i'm coming over. thought 12:30. @cum jester @cum queen @cum herald what time mfers. Wait are you talking about Burma superstar. Nvm it’s at like 7 in the morning. Guys it rain tmr. idk the meta. i cant play that charactetr. you know what. is this true. 1st place was on the line. i was in an intense game of tft. nvm all is right with the world again. he ghosting me . @cum pedophile i hate you. 4 foot tall and 12 inches long. thank god he's finally gone. Tf?. @cum king u gonna take that? lying down? on your back? legs spread wide open? your hands spreading your ass cheeks so your cute little anus is pulsating as if gasping for cock?. he exudes that energy. aaron is definitely short. ansel is a short king. hop on this DICK. Might hurt my feelings. But not really tho, go easy. Jokes on you, I’m into that. damn he was summoned instantly. it wont be the last brotha. and his texts show that. hes a boomer. This is the first time I’ve been roasted for my texting . hes 60. You’re gonna have to carry tho. why do u type like an old man. I’ll get on a little later10ish. we can change that. in this pic specifically. the fish looks horrifying. i havent had a lot of things in 23 years of my existence. i saw a sc of the bird underwater. the crab is an actual crab it looks dumb. side note this little mermaid remake look wacky. bruh you havent had one in your 23 years of existence. i'd probably like it once every 6 years. idk how else to describe. i dont think i've ever had airheads tbh. im thinking of sourpatch kids. wait are they sour. airheads the candy. if that wasnt evident. the candy. what are your thoughts on airheadas. i was thinking of corn dogs. like corn on a dog. Slept with yo mom frfr. ngl it's a bit concerning if you could not feel it while you were sleeping. That’s hot af. my lower back hurts i think a ghost blew my back out while i was sleeping. wires. this anime goated. how dare you disrespect this anime. why are they all ugly. what r we watching. Dang, got me feeling a little hungry too now smh. THEY'RE SO BEEFY. WHY U BUILDING CRIT AND LUDENS AGAINST THIS TEAM. bc they FUCKING SUCK. houston dallas austin. are u supposed to go crit against tanky people. the main cities in texas have a lot of asians. i know whatchu mean. why is kenny being so mean. u just watched a video of 3 girls doing it for 9 hours? . i mixing up harry and kenny's voices. oh my goodness i'm about to splurge!. its hard to see. kenny does indeed shower i nthe dark. it's scary . is d anyui in discord. @cum genshinerhonkaier what's ur username. @cum genshinerhonkaier whats ur username. Na 100% thats yuumi. deft nickname is alpaca. is that fucking yuumi. i was running around looking for new pokemon and training. in a sec. Can u buy them 4 me. can u buy them for me too. can you buy them for me. Extra credit will be the references page. These professors ask for references cause they don’t trust their students smh. i hope i provided sufficient sources, i will get to work on my references cited page. oof yea that's definite proof right there. Proof?. wasnt that the whole point. what da hell. no more ow2 pve. he's a fun loving guy who goes jet skiing every summer vacation. Never had him tho. Yea I heard he ass. Apparently he teaches a python course in c++ and java. @cum king so many ppl shitting on a cs prof in ucd subreddit. mosquito that is swole. who is buzzwole. wtf is that thing. They gotta clean that loser smell from the plane. we need u to make that. but will type guh huh. cant talk bc the 'rents are talking business. @cum herald. show code later. and i dont know how to do it one step harder yet. so what im hearing is i probably did it right. or better yet a hash set. u can always use another array. but i wanna do it so its checks the entire list without the number being known. known. my code works for removing duplicates in a list if the number is know.. o that explains alot LOL. Just got off work. yan fake for leaving harry hangin like this. Tmi description, too much imagery. Until Aaron and ansel said I was. I didn’t think so. i go through 6 pairs a week (12 socks). not dissimilar to the way yan's socks lose their ever-so-fleeting (yet so impeccably tantalizing) scent if you don't cycle between multiple sets multiple times over the course of a single week. tho mine are pretty outdated and stale. we* have a collection. I have a collection. yea its me. want the leaks?. also yan's been a victim. first mcstabby now feet meister. what's happening to davis. Posting and sexualizing them on flickr. There’s someone at davis taking feet pics. is toga the lady who makes products out of her body. and then she evolved. toga just got clapped . yea i just finished. im finishing val game. sry for bait. lmk when play i go back to anime . Some mf said LeConfused. that's just how we do things LOL. y r we waitijng for someone who didnt respond . kenneth michael gee known for never responding. cant believe i was baited. whats ur battlenut. im getting on a smurf i dont wanna play dps.. 5 is lower. what's higher 5 or 1. oh is it. im only plat 1. @cum king fuck u. are we playing. i dont play the game. what map would they do that in. @cum jester if one were to cap in moonbridge. valorant is for losers. @cum queen ow?. can i be someones pocket mercy. any mango hab enthusiasts. what wing flavors do u get. garlic puss. i wish he didnt wash it. but pitied beni. i pulled rim and milim in first 10 pulls. ansel swings the other way. @cum herald do u have hoops or studs. ur not laying down. i believe in the champ duplicator. wanna fortnite. fortnite has storm troopers . it's okay i can watch you play tft. what's your weague of wegends ign. i heard it's Hawt in cali. what wwas the weather. idk :( he scared me. @cum herald. @cum pedophile at me when on i go lay in bed. i havent started it it yet. are we playing ow2. @cum heraldi hate you. @cum herald. Poole and klay fir brunson? Who says no. in marvel movies he just a creation thats op. adam warlock is op character and in comic has soul stone in head. ty ansel. idk i dont follow soccer. Just watched some emergency awesome videos lol. o. Disclaimer I have yet to watch the movie. In the movie, the thing he has in his head is not an infinity stone. i thought infinity stones were gone. wtf vision vs adam warlock who wins. what. In the comics, he was the one that was made and had the infinity stone in his forehead. so hes a creation?. Along the lines of Vision. In the new GotG movie he’s someone that was created by the villain that’s supposedly op. Adam warlock is a new character. @cum pedophile who is adam warlock. notable for its furry exterior and horns. the yaks are winning. who is winning. @cum lord talk football to me. #warriorswin. #warriorswin. #warriorswin. @cum queen @cum goodnight when. fortnite when. guys when r we playing fortnite. and their chairman bribed the south korea president to pardon their bribery charges. watching this vid about samsung. he an abb fr fr. @cum pedophile say hi back. hey slut. im stuck on something lol. And i bet other region fans dont wanna see the regional finals again. I dont wanna watch gg vs c9 again in lowers. Ngl this msi draw is so shit. Nvm I’m watching a replay lmfao. @cum lord shmitt homered again. Holy fuck. giants have a home grown all star finally??. @cum king at me when u back. i hope mr joe burrow wins. It’s def not shredder. you dont even know his name. Are you calling me the sensei from tmnt?. We can play after this kne. disease carrying sewer dweller. Don’t open league. Psh no. @cum pedophile are you fucking playing games withotu me again. mental boomedw. the defense was so mega tilted. i will not be watching a single episode of first take for the next 3 weeks. but now we will never know who truly was the better team. id be less sad if they just lost normally. this game is a rough watch. hop on yo momma. overwatch?. just spam hawkshot ult and volley. ashe easy. Gonna first time Ashe tho. “Trust, I saw Keira do it and he won”. Champ select chat. Guaranteed getting reported. U should try it in ur matches. that 2v2 was sick. guma keria are cracked. why not just kill it. they dropped agro at like 2k. faker boomer reaction tbh. oshit this is bo3. that was an insane flank tho. that stop watch at the literal last second. mis timed tht. he sold hard. 3 man rock thing from showmaker playmaker. hes everywhere. the name is so bad. o not bad i thought u meant 3am our time. theyre prolly gonna do some pregame bs. it is currently 2:33 in korea. wait its not 3mins?. yea rn. rn?. yall want to play some plate up. any gamers. see u next year. like if i didnt get into a school this round, idk wtf id do. im reading posts on r/gradadmissions and some ppl been applying for phd programs for years and kept getting rejected. in this market. being a white rapper is hard. he shouldve tried singing and not rapping. kinda surprised wacko overlord didnt take off. maybe i should start singing. just found out about him yesterday lmfao. his music is pretty good. thats crazy. what. I mean eg couldnt close out a 10k gold lead vs CLG. League cooked. 100T still in a tier of their own tho. wait that team seems okay. who else is on eg. i dont even know who is on these teams anymore. This kill on tactical was personal. sivir solo won clg the game vs eg tho. after what happened in that playoff run. i just pick a player to hate on before every split. aslo wtf did summit do to earn your hate. Summday boomed him in that one playoffs and since then he hasnt recovered. well he lost. im praying for his downfall. no lie tho. how does summit have a job. this azir runs this game. but apparently hes rly good. whats his name. the tl academy support. they have. hes the backup. winsome is trash no?. their team on paper kinda insane. after day 1 of lcs you predicting worlds. they looked so clean yesterday. i think fly can get past groups this year. fly looks rly good. except gated by a shit adc. honestly their team seems good. some korean t1 acadamy plater. photon. wait whos vitality top?. hes retired i think. isnt alphari getting dubs now. summit is such a fraud too. are they paused?. ornnaments op. scaling right?. tsm still wins this right?. is this bwipo talking?. but lost the fight. and tsm was about to get soul. they lost to fly yesterday. you whore. wait whod they lose to. english speaking team > korean speaking team. tl 0-2. im not trying to read all the rules and play the dumb minigames. idk their special events get too complicated. pretty cool skin but idk if its worth trying to get. how do i get the special edition cait skin. dude zac is so omega busted rn. chinese new year skins r sexy tho. with kian. when i played leagge i remember playing taric zac bot. why cant they add more old champs. u know how they drop the patch with new champ but dont release until 4 weeks later lol. but shes mentioned in the app store patch thing. idk if shes in the game yet. they add all the aids characters man. dummy thicc. she looks larger now wtf. why couldnt 100t do that. clg coming back from 10k gold deficit. i kinda forgot there are people who dont know me in this discord now. this is out of my breadth. not programming vectors. but for quantum mechanics. its just a diff notaiton for vectors. technically yeah. wait is this cpp. imagine using vectors though. if he wants it more organized then he can decree that. the professor owns that discord. nah fuck that guy. bro just wants to put relevant questions in relevant places so that it may get more traction for people with relevant information. from his main channel and caedral clips channel. i actually watch all his youtube vids. drakos sexier tho. and hes scrolling through twitter. why is lcs streaming jatts stream. color caster vs the otherone or whatever. but theyre different right. i still think caedral goated. yea but hes the most hyped when its intense. na flowers is good but sometimes cringe. better than flowers that dude cringe. cause hes replacing phreak right?. is he better than phreak?. is he better than flowers. hes casting rn with azael. never heard of him. the new caster everyone is hyped about. bro is a self appointed discod mod. Who is rafa. Modern day Shakespeare. “The late game scary zeri ready to carry”. This mf flowers just said. Birth year diff tbh. Washed boomers. If minions didnt end 100t wouldve came back copium. I hate this. Wheres the hype????. Lcs starting everyone. this game is so aids. in one rn. Id fucking quit the sport if that happened to me. Just rewatched it 5 times. The dude just bounced off him . y'all ever chew on meat with bones but bone shatters in your mouth so you swallow it. srsly tho my condolences to those affected. wish i went to davis so i could die. @cum lord the kid that died was a cs student. Wait for me bb, might fit in a game or two tonight. Holy jeez and I thought I had it bad. 4 game lose streak. @cum king @cum pedophile @cum herald yall wanna do fantasy lcs again?. hahaha I'll buy it next time we play. and i bought it for that exact reason. buying plate up when you can steam remote play is like buying a Windows activation key to get rid of the "Activate Windows" watermark on the bottom right of your screen. the way he changes his voice in the start too. ya hes good , his improv is funny tho lmfao. @cum pedophile trynna game?. he not a bad singer lmfao. What did he stream. Yea fuck that was 23 hrs ago nvm. Rip. Its on their ig. Cece told me then i checked reddit. Where you seeing this. Apparently someone died in a resident hall. Some horror comic, saw it on tiktok. What is that. join us in more than 4 plate up B^). it's poppin in here. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna play plateup. Yall heard of bong chong ghost?. @cum herald PLATE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. @cum herald. @cum herald. @cum herald. @cum herald. @cum herald. hey where'd u eat. I’m heading back rn. wait no u summoned him. @ me when u guys r back. /play ditto. /play cookie newjeans. only if i can actively sabotage the teams progress. watching the sports media trash on the cowboys is so satisfying. yall wanna play one armed cook?. best picture. A list actor. lmao u can see at the start he was waiting at the doorway for the knock signal. SAS is in paradise. SAS and skip are the two complete opposites lmfao. the acting decision to turn the jersey so the name was visible. yea nick said that too. the food took hella long. happy chinese new year. Happy Chinese new year. @cum lord was it bussin bussin. how big is your party?. Like with aunts and uncles. with your family?. U get money tho. smh not celebrating lny with family!. wait grand palace in daly city?. serious?. We r all waiting. @cum king i just met ur family at a chinese restaurant. found that flank. he use e and then ult at the end. they have lunch menu from 11 to 230. idk what time yet. b star on clement. where aty. @cum queen want lunch tmr but you actually have to wake up at a human time?. @cum goodnight how was ur gryffin experience. Is bluemoon a gamemode. Official mancity account btw. i bought the halloween one. they had a vtuber collab and i bought it. i needa unluck stuff on the vtuber tree. think so. is it crossplatform. and somehow convinces the brazillians to vote me off. "omg babe they killed me in electric". i killed the dude and his gf insta knows its me. those edaters pissed me off. too many spaniards. fuck among us. ok i guess you're missing out of the most bussingly bustening meal of your entire lifetime. uhm actually later today  . then i going to rave. im busy tmr rip. we have to do club league. @cum lord stop playing warcraft rumble. @cum lord stop playing amogus. @cum lord wanna play catch with nick?. @cum herald wanna play catch with nick?. better than clash royale. warcraft rumble is fun. why are you sorry lol. @cum king standing next to u jungkook cringe lyrics sry to say. ill show you motion. oh in motion in 3d. in 3d slow motion. m8 needs some money to frick u 7 days a week. and of course the other ppl are speaking spanish to each other. by the time body reported i was half way across the map. and guess who reported the body and knew exaclty that im imposter. so anything i did on the admin side didnt even matter. yea an account he wasnt even signed into. well he did say he was having issues with his acct no?. AND THAT FIXED EVERYTHING. AND HE'S NOT EVEN SIGNED IN. i remote into his pc. and for the first time since he reported it and since we've been having back and forths. 3 months. he's been having issues with his account for like. this fucking guy. u can ask yan about beating children. who you beat. CONTRACTZ AND PALAFOX R BOTH FROM REDWOOD CITY. might even watch cadral stream. ill prob watch game 1. how many times can you witness nrg defeat weibo. B- gets u kicked out of the program. what percent of your grade. but im afraid i wont wake up in time. Looks like an all nighter, study + worlds in the background. Midterm tmr at 930am but nrg vs weibo tonight. it only shoots if it sees them and it takes forever to turn zz. im done with ur mother. ur in a trashcan. or in a trashcan. turret inside building better than on platform. you're lucky i can't ban your ass. when u asked him to play games. i hate you. this is why k3nny ignored u. i asked them. i wasnt paying attenshin. was my turret doing anything. how are we supposed to get up there. icex258 D:. oh shit i have no idea lol. @cum king WHEN'S LE SSERAFIM CONCERT IN OW2 ON NOVEMBER 1ST. @cum queen if u care to log onto the game do so for 5 days. i think u right. at least i'm being told that u can still get 6th chapter rewards despite not doing some (if not all) chapters. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum herald make sure u log into maple for 5 days (just have to check in for 6th star rewards) :p. thots. i was when i "killed myself" with my mine. how do u lose w/ that. 2 mediums pocketing heavy w/ flamethrower. im getting chased by a flamethrower guy pls. THAT FLAMETHROWER IS INSANE. i like gas mines though. he liked tased me then shorty-ed me. I have work. no its bc i fell off da world. He’s only this good bc he got practice w krunker last night. Bluevictor. IMPORTANT WORD. The doesn’t count as a word. Dictionaries work Kenny. That’s how. I thought we were saying. What is that. Does that mean. What. These ghosts are taking my job. Is this Halloween edition. come back. Wonder if the warriors one is up to anything. theyre going crazy. bruh whats going on. where da frick is kevin wong on a monday fricking night. I think 110. nvm it's the gesture that counts. wait nvm she's refunding u all when u try to pay her LMAO. what's emiko's venmo _. @cum queen how much was food. didnt expect to start off my day with vore. wtf does this mean. yea i forgot to account for the sparsity of the 18. @cum jester @cum queen looking like a 12:30 meet up lol. it was throw after throw. What a game2. Holy shit. suck cocky. now this game makes me sad. @cum pedophile 12 stonestown. to paly catch. i prob eat and watch worlds ._.. @cum herald r u coming today. I love him tho. Xiao hus voice always catches me off guard. whoever wants to come can come. is angel coming. yan is going to be at stonestown. the rest of us can get food. aaron has a little event he has to go to. did you want to eat first again?. what time. @cum queen wait what time bro. everyone is uninvited. what time. yea we are. @cum queen are we doing tmr. used it all last year. bro is not clutch anymore. canyon is so washed wtf. -1 on a missed fg is brutal wtf. Well iguess its also a point. Bruh he played great. He played well. How much he get. Did you have Lavine in. No need to stay up late. Wait worlds starts at 9 today. Fuck this shit i forget to check my roster one day and i get fucked. wait worlds starts at 9pm. still working on flame but am content. @cum goodnight. NA’s long term plans finally come to term. Import players, have NA teams shit on them, send them home. Eventually, when you play them internationally, you remember, wait, I shit on this guy a couple years ago.. Wtf blg running it down. NRG won't make playoffs. NRG won't win LCS. NRG won't win a game at worlds. NRG won't make quarterfinals. NRG won't make semifinals. <- you are here NRG won't make finals. NRG won't win Worlds.. this is gonna be an exciting game 1. holy shit. Love to see it. Yea they looked crazy clean. Aight blg send this old man faker home so he can get his rest. NRG actually looked so good. Guess the EU caster. Kobe and captain flowers losing their minds. Lmfao that shot of the casters is so funny. I have met him in a scrimmage, and my opponent, midlaner Palafox, is powerful and seems like a genius. the palafox copy pasta is so funny. FBI waving bye on player cams lmfao. shades of 2020 showmaker canyon nuguri in this nrg team. They’re fucking doing it. they’re doing it. this will be the best day of my life so far in nrg wins. im tearing up. nrg eating their ass. Contractz is nuts. What the fuck is happening. imagine NRG vs JDG finals and nrg beats them to prevent the golden road. no countdown needed. that was so cute yan we left at the same time. except when it was na vs na. everytime i say this they lose. Wym lavine is alr trash i drafted him with my 4th pick. farming reddit impressions. prob shitpost lol. that’s y i’m wondering if the one u posted is a shitpost or not lol. theyre connected. and it was like “why does my roommate always have a hard on” and it was by some chinese student lol. there was another post by someone else earlier in the week. i wouldve dropped fat stacks for that. also i was not aware there was lifeguard mercy. but i guess we gotta see what it looks like in game. ME AND MY GIRLIES WE GON PARTY TIL ITS EARLY GOT ME FEELIN OTHERWORDLY TONIGHT. Fuck nvm Shes Levi fan. “Hey sexy”. What if i try to poach her in the dms. C/o 2023 one year younger lmao. She actually went to ucd. who she think she is. And decides to stay top , tp to fight late. Dude saw rumble base tp. Fudge not tp in time for soul point was the end of the game. Alistar have more value to sylas than doing anything else lol. They just run around do nothing or run around and get caught. Alistar pick got fucking abused that game. No one knows what theyre doing it looks like. And funneling resources to fudge only for him to do nothing. 100t couldve beat this fnatic team. Cant believe this shit. Literally invisible. Just for him to be invisible on soul point and soul fight. They hand feed him kills. Fudge is so bad. he was just doing a bit of trolling. nvm fudge is the goat. for liek the past 20 minutes. why doesnt c9 just win? are they stupid. what isnt soiled by paid promotion at this point. "teamfight damage powered by aws". too many words. i dont think i could bring myself to say "mastercard lane economy snapshot". if i was a caster. c9: lets play through fudge again. all analysts: c9 has the much better adc. wait how many ppl are in your league. Ppl scared of his injury and load management. He still has a quarter left and got me 40 points. is that the same samira. Feel so useless playing lee sin that late tho. Felt good to win that ngl. They both look cool. Tired of graves. U should get the new ekko skin looks cool. wait youre not playing support?. like once every 5 games. i swear to god my bot lanes never win. thats it. he had iceborn. I couldnt even reach him man. but i couldnt dmg him. how tf he got so tanky is beyond me. And i thouguht u died when u ulted out. I totally forgot u had ult. Second to last. That last fight. I dont wanna play jungle anymore im playing support. holy shit. Ill play some wildrift. @Deleted User any gamers trynna game???. ok calm down slut. you can catch the feelings imma be sending your way. can we play catch when we hang out :p. @cum lord wr?. when we hangin out. i need a yan reaction for my bereal. Pretty cool vid. Watch out core jj. New best team in town. @everyone. How happy is he managing a team of stars. im gonna win so easily. youre fucked. wowe same day i fly back in. @cum king when ur quarter over. hes just coming back now. i dont think he managed last season. i remember reading that but i forget when it was. Did he manage last season?. When tf was bochy with the rangers. If bot and top die at same time. Yea u have to show up. And everything bad that happens in their lane is jg diff. They dont understand the game outside of lane. fucking loer. LMFAO THATS A GM PLAYER TOO. No one plays the role. Yea ppl flame jg for everything. so it wasnt free. Their team comes to protect the crossmap. Yea happens to me all the time. and then those bitches have the audacity to flame me. their support has backed and they kill me. so when i invade take his blue. while their yi cross maps me. @cum lord jungle is such a shit role in wr. you were limit testing, it’s a good thing. Tactical?. I jumped into 3 as tristana and inted. Top? Or another role?. rusty as fuck. it wasnt that bad lol. how bad was the game? give a quick run down. i only play if i want to learn a new champ. norms is usually worse than ranked. Padres forming a super team. actual coin flip with teammates. what a dogshit game. @cum pedophile bro sr fucking sucks cock. League fucked. We fucking got our second outfielder. New alice in wonderland traildr couple days ago. bruh io cant exit the game. Timr to come back. All brawlers seem cool. Three new bralwers tho. what is this clip its 1 second. he just doublelift straight to his death. but he dives into a pyke combo. we had that shit so easy. was so bad in the last fight. holy fuck our lucian. Zeri coming to brawlstars. fucking autist lucian. that shit is unloseable. and loses to kat. we have thresh gragas how does kat wipe you guys. shit was at 2k. just finish the fucking baron man. We have no ap. notice what. you have to go ap we have no magic dmg. bro why. FUCK I DONT OWN. See how it goes. Ima build more tanky this game. and got fed playing against a bot kayle. thinking hes all that. Ill play more. But im pretty sure my smite just targetted him and not the drag. That third drag i saw kayne smite early and it was at 100 hp. Sure ill play 1. Me rn. They better fucking get ohtani next year. Biggest blue ball of the century. Lets see how he preforms next season. He is not welcome back to california. and he re-signs. @cum lord all that. uh i think i sent it in an imessage and saved it from there. how do i extract the good goods from the app. looking at the pins in this server. bringing back this classic. that aint it. and then just gotta connect it back to a few class topics, easy. during zoom class. damn i got material for that. covid and its effect on students. ill churn it out in an hour tops. what i gotta write. IF YOU COULD SEE THAT IM THE ONE WHO UNDERSTANDS YOU. honestly you prolly can. ill write it for you. the other is a 2 page double spaced paper. i only have 1 test on the 20th. wait are oyu taking your finals?. time crunch and knowing how to apply the concepts correctly. right?. fucking robot nerd piece of shit. yea fr. people who get 100 on tests scare me. average was a lot higher but still. pretty proud of that one. youre the 100 right?. love to see it. the one with you smiling hella clsoe to the camera. @cum jester make your bereal rection an emote lmaooo. so we can have more emotes. always makes me chuckle. i always forget we have the. i love tay swiftie. yoooo thats a good song. I GO BACK TO DECEMBER ALL THE TIME. IMA LISTEN TO HER ALBUM RN TO SUPPORT THE CAUSE. I LOVE TAYTAY. and they own(?) the resale sites too. yea but theyre basically a monopoly. or maybe i know nothing. and canceling ticket sales or something. crazy ticket prices. i dont even know what theyre suing for. if they cant do it nobody can. THIS IS FOR MY WORLDS TICKETS. pray the swifties win that ticketmaster lawsuit theyre starting. what the? swear i cleared yall out last time. yea he went into 2 rounds of interviews. even tho i am. so they need to know im not a hermit. but i needed it before this morning so i just pulled other ppls. what the fuck job needs 20 emails. oh i just needed 20 ppl i knew with emails. @cum herald bro i gave you my email and you didnt answer my question. Judge aint enough. It has to be them both tho. If the giants sign judge and correa ill actually go to giants games. ill pay you for the games i go to. before they sign. just buy season tickets rn. hope they are a 0-162 team. hm ur not wrong. or the tickets prices gonna be higher. then im hoping they dont sign judge. im down for whatever game. we can see alcantara. like the marlins. we can go watch them play a bum ass team. you think i got money?. we going to opening day????. pretty sure he wants a long term deal. he want out. still on the fence about haniger. buying talent like the dodgers. if the giants sign judge and correa. ur literally waiting in his closet arent u. but id say theyre frontrunners. ur the inside man. pretty sure he announces tmr. how tf would i know. ive been waiting 5 hrs for the official announcement. whats the aaron judge to giants % atm. the carry me while i do nothing mentality. bruh that morg was the biggest bitch of all time. annoying as fuck. yeah no fuck that guy. the ez e q the blue. the flash?. ya ez top spamming we need a tank. we have infinite damage. its over. we have 3 adc. their comp is fuckin weird. i was right. and its not support. was fun but two people on my team didnt wanna play him so just ran it down. i played brand in all for one. just one hsot someone and they literally cant do anything. shes pretty fun too honestly. and hes dogshit now. bunch of shitters. wanna play wildrift. no one wants to play for that team. aint no way hes going to the padres. the padres?. hope judge wins them a ring. i cannot believe this. in your basement. you should tweet you spotted him. not sure if that tweet is even true. i guess theres one in san diego?. that place on clement??. That doesnt matter steve jobs dropped out. Or not since he failed a stats class but. Analytical GOAT. hottest take ive read so far. this is the hard hitting analysis i subscribe for. This dude. The GOAT. Forget his name but giants are rumored. I think. Career 2.7 era or something. There is this japanese pitcher who has crazy stats. Hope its tonight. I thought its before wednesday ? Idk. interesting. bellinger to cubs. didnt judge say hes gonna announce tmr?. not a credible sourec. bruh who tf is that guy. Yea its over judge and soto. When was 246 good. Auto caps my bad. This dude said haNiger has a good BA. Im watching this live winter meetings stream. Second? Idk. what happens to crawford. wait if they get correa. at least i can say the n word safely now. Seems alright. Giants collecting local talent. why is he so expensive. Hes from mountain view. who the fuck is haniger. ive been fucking baited. Idk who carlos baerga is but. A reported said he is but back tracked and deleted the tweet. Na not confirmed. where. confimred?. If he doesnt actually sign im gonna become an A’s fan. Looks like judge is signing with the giants. I would like to first say that I've known Kenneth Michael Gee for at least 6 years now. My first impression of him was that he was a hard-working individual with a perseverance seen in those who are immensely successful in today's society, and, in my time knowing and seeing him grow as a person, this fact is irrefutable. As such, I would like to extend my congratulations to his first victory in Fall Guys.. So I know what needs to be said. ^ideally write a script for me. gotta make sure im in character. am i going to have to lie and pretend im someone im not?. Guys we watching this????. More specifically***as reference or other?. Replied knowing there was a chance this would happen but still Madge. it's for work. whats it for?. i need it for work lul. cuz ive been watching boxbox play and swear every other week hes on pbe for new set. for real???. you just started playing it really late. this sets been out for awhile dude. bruh why are sets in tft changing so fast. academy move to lcs starter i think. tenacity, closer, bjerg, doublelift, and busio. wait whos their top/sup?. where tf is nordstrom. that was macys. or was that macys. wasnt it where the whole foods is now. wait where was it?. think it was vacant for a while. wait theres still a nordstrom?. copy that. we must use this along with ijbol and hows jesus. @cum jester yan made a new idiom in 7th grade that we must work into our vernacular. tryna have a game night or something :). where did everyone go?. msg me when you back. @cum herald. Shohei and trout reunite on the giants. Who?. wont be joining call. piece of shit. youre literally on rn. i get on later tonight. Kyle harrison night. I think I’ve seen him hit before tho and he’s actually really good. He’s 6’3??. he a marine. why it cost u to make potion. owning these bugs. yea i rmb hammerwatch 1 just being a dungeon crawler. think it said return. throwable hammer pog. god the bright bars in my peripherals kinda fuck with the atmosphere too. paladin op frfr. hard to look at/properly gauge. shit ugly af. yea idk why they thought cropping the screen with the UI was a good idea. sry gotta loop back around. candice d fit in your mouth. u should be ur best self. or i at least watched. i swear we played with joseph dude. smurfed on theys asses. enjoy shower. i was chtting my toenails and i thought itd be funny to not look. im awake bc i keep bleeding out my toe. no wonder youre out of space. rn??. check sonic availability. nah they prob dont care. wait are y'all starting bg3 campaign. cya fortnite. @cum goodnight nice pfp babe. u literally played orcs must die. dying light. buy what. hard asf too. well not cold. yea the pasta was cold. or brothers. this is why we go bunn mi regardless of seating issues. and the pasta was not even hot. that shit felt like it was just warmed up. for the price especially. bro i thought it had a reason being a classic. we were listening to the barbie ost. they were unnaturally smooth. dude they looked like they had makeup on ngl. rmb when we were looking up dua lipa feet in yan's car. even tho she showed up only twice. how was work. what u doing. WAIT THAT'S ME. makes their hair look painted on tbh. literally just lays flat on his head. and it looks wack. they be downperming the sides and back. which i thought was dumb. i was commenting on his hair. he was too dangerous to leave up. where'd the cute east asian boy go. where was the mess :(. who has the watering can. im about to call u guys slurs i s2g. who is this grey pigeon with cyan cap. typical griefers these days.. i got blue screened LMAO @cum goodnight @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier. WHAT THE HECK ARE YALL DOIJNG. why is kenny helping her. this lillud guy BLOWS. isnt it censored. took calc 1, forgot everything, calc 2, forgot everything. i remember doing calc and forgetting everything as soon as the semester was over. she doing calc. how you know its math. Is it math? Let me help. you literally heard my voicdfe like 6 hours ago. we got this. put her on. this. i got thit. put her on. kenny bro talk in the mic. im helping my sister out with some hw. I’m watching by myself. Wow spoilers. sponsored btw. where can we watch. are we watching or nah. and ill be in for a ride pls. ride or die as they say. is what angel is hinting at. inch penis. I’ll be on around 10. @cum queen @cum pedophile we watchin?. helmeppo also caked up. IT WAS JIGGLING. she is???. i hear nami in live action op is caked. That card is never seeing daylight ever again. Ive banished him. Worthless card. how was catch bois. I threw my phone in the air with timer photo thing set to 3 seconds. howd u take the photo. but i think different hat. something like this. there was this cool pikachu card. that's just how it be at shows/conventions. got dudes smelling like weed, alcohol, bo, and stinky breath in there. no way u get through it in one day lmao. show is huge. that i could find. there was no 10/10 kyle harrison signed. yea 10/10 is wayyyyyyy higher valued. its his first world cup card. kinda crazy cus a 9/10 of the messi card i got is 575. in the future. and got nothing. also bought a box. prob not even the most expensive card at the show. a 10/10 panini mega cracks messi rookie card 14K. there are cards there that r hella expensive. and i got a kyle harrison signed /299 card. well it'll appreciate right. what kind of cards. bought a 2006 messi world cup card. went to the card show today. looking at some card prices. it was just a typical orientation introducing themselves and what they expecty. @cum queen how was ur orientation. on my phone. the 1st one. why dont we play dungeon defenders tho. i wish i could play. what game is this. what does this mean. I should be available. @Deleted User is anyone interseted in catch tmr. Guys I have a . Ohhh yea i recgonized him from somewhere but couldnt pin it. go to bed you stupid fuck. that was awkward. wait i just realized that dude is from american vandal lmfao. @cum lord im back. all the mike trouts. ill be in vc. but i want out so bad lmfao. in one rn. @cum king wr?. That’s the first 100 chaps. 8 episodes going all the way to Arlong park. @cum pedophile are u gonna watch. Oshit its out today huh. who trynna watch the live action barbie. i was joking that shit looks terrible. who trynna watch the live action one piece. u hit the wrong button when u hit INSTALL BITCH. why game loud. wont be joining call for a bit teehee. that was my mistake and i will repent. sorry i didnt explicitly state that i was finished downloading. download this too. yea i've had it for 20 minutes. please. @cum queen @cum goodnight @cum genshinerhonkaier. nah its a white dude. is 508 taught by a japanese man. algorithms again?. i dont remember the titles. thats the only thing i remember. @cum queen what courses u taking this sem. i was blinded by my anger. you're so right. buy it off steam then !!!!!!!!. what's the freaking point. and everything else is higher than retail. i dont want a whole steam account. i dont think i wanna play l4d2 with angel anymore. punish me mommy. thats cuz youre a bad boy. i wish yan would call me a good boy. what a good boy working hard. cause then its too distracting. maybe if u turned ur discord notifs on. when i only have one monitor. bro everyone here out for me\. kenny literally replies to nobody. you asked me to play orcs. i'm never playing with kenny again. no hold backsies. i've asked kenny to play with me since 5 and he dono walled me. ansel is hating. @cum jester@cum goodnight@cum queen l4d2 after ansel gets home from being chinese and downloads it? :D. but he changed some things that weren't to be changed. he used a powershell script to convert shit. my co-worker got roasted today. i wanna lay down after the gym lol. i will actually sit out for this one. @Deleted User is everyone ready?. those poots do be bussin tho. are you gonna watch with us?. so i can make it in time for the 9pm buss in poots. nah gotta start cooking. Buss in Poots: the last wish. will be in here after game. we are in another call. @cum herald @cum king. @cum queen wanna play games with us. its time. show those workers who you support. tough choice tbh. classic no shirt on too. Wait where. too late, im keeping it like that. ah frick. mr. eyes noes lips collab with jimin. i thought i did it fairly normally. WHY DID U STAGGER THE THREE. aaron is buff as fuck. ansel always lies to me. ansel literally told me. aaron is buff as fuck. @cum herald bruh where you at?. it is only an occasional indulgence. braised pig trotter and lotus root. beef and bell pepper. The usual. He munching cock. eating rn but ok. dont think its on netflix. puss in boots: the last wish. Is it on Netflix???. Which one is it. i mean like any night would be fine. prob online yea. ooop its online already in hd. theaters or online?. actually do want to watch it. puss in boots looks really good. Unrelated but ant man movie looking exciting. sry mistyped penis. Damn must’ve been slacking in class during the penos part. his ethos . his pathos . But “how bout dat”? His ethos is in ruins. Oh ok, that part is fine then. he is qualified to make dad jokes. bruh lebron is a father. Disqualified from telling me how to make a bowl of milk and cereal. A dad joke and “how bout dat” in one clip?. I think he should stick to basketball. You must change your ways. free spotify. can starbucks give us spotify. it'll be awesome. im in one alrdy. @cum herald @cum queen are yuo guys on spotify plans or do you guys wanna get a family plan?. @cum herald if i'm there thursday it'll be a miracle. @cum king @cum herald gaymers?. @cum genshinerhonkaier answer the question. sza releases good stuff. Gotta say, the album kinda long. Kill bill, snooze, f2f, and nobody gets me. So far in my first listen of the sza album. who's the hottest. @cum pedophile are we gaming or what. @cum king 1 more?. throat slit it is. 3 or i slit your wifes throat. lemme turn on my computer. uhh only 1 or 2 today. you know what time it is. then yall can escpae room together. Are you even back in sf?. I have class at 9am on Monday. But you guys can go without me. I’m driving back on Sunday. are u cheating on me. who's duhgga @cum pedophile. im going to have sexual relations with a child and blame it on you. that makes no sense. how do you not dodge in time. ill make it quick....hopefully. there might be wait time. Immersion ruined. bruh its not even the same minion in the last panel. dont disrespect beast wars ever again. and my penis. with my penis. on his ass. It’s ok we play later. if he doesn't respond to that in 5mins he's probably eating. @cum king run one rn?. one on one coaching. on the phone with heimer?. And only doing better now that I’ve been otp heimer. Bruh how could you. silver 3 incoming. Gotta own some nerds and get my lp back. Uhhh we can game after, it’s coolio. And for that reply I’m not gaming with you. i will have sex with your mother. When are you available to game?. i never loved you anyway. Storm seems to have calmed down a bit. youre already on the list baby boo thang. as a child to be cared for. where can i sign up for the daycare you work at. i was told to not go today tho. in the morning it was just mostly windy so not too bad. surprisingly there were quite a few kids today. yo how are the kids gonna walk past the dispensary in this weather. play with me coward. Literally lost power right at the end of one of my games. So sussy with the storm. Can’t even game today. naw i'm keeping kenny's schedule free so he can make moves. damn kenny got cut that quick huh. yan we can go on cute dates. all of you in sf 90% of the time but dont do anything. yall can go without me. spring break probably lol. by then hopefully it will be more pleasant weather. aight aaron when u comin back. if we cant make it this time, we can just wait will the next break or weekend everyone is available. why it gotta storm bruh. might be able to do friday, will see (highly likely this isn't the case). yea i also see lightning on saturday at 90%. plus i dont wanna be bottlenecked. we're in this together. no prison break then. get split into two groups before starting. prison break seems crazy. currently i see thunder symbol on weather app. shit is fucked up. if so im not going anywhere. is it still storming on saturday. yeah idc what room. Those two are interesting. what da heck. playground is designed for 12 people. ||don't pee in the toilets||. i have a spoiler about the prison one. probably between prison/heist for me. wanna get in call and talk about it. which one do you guys want to try. i think itll be best to let them know ahead of time to reserve the time slot. then i let my friend know when. uh we call in i think. Do we have to reserve a spot or just walk in?. Looks like I’ll be the one getting carried. we trained in escape room sim. yea but now it's $20 wowe. We should go for easier one. Also the prison one is a 9/10 difficulty. But chose escape sf cuz it was cheaper. Yea we were choosing between escape game and escape sf. thats insane. hoyl fuck 43 a person. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna come escape room huge savings. anyways if friend reccs me, prices drop from $43 to $20 a person. friend works at escape game sf. did you already have a place in mind?. kinda wanna have dinner with my family. also could we do lunch. yall gonna have to carry me. ok im down but ive never been before. So as long as that stays the same we chillin. The one that I did said there were no clues that were located 5ft off the floor. he's as wide as the rest of us. also look bars dont bar off based on height. take ur christmas hat off it's over. Lowkey Yan might be small enough to fit through the bars if it’s a prison cell. I did escape sf, mafia themed. i think u went to that one so nvm. it's prison themed. i know a friend who works at one, maybe discount. @cum pedophile wanna do an escape room lol!. Take that back right now. What the. Class starts Jan 17. @cum pedophile are you taking classes at ccsf this semester?. i also punched childrens' toys. yea rmb when we went to target and there was moaning on speaker. wait harass toys in target?. Got out with around 1 min 30 sec left. They gave us an hour. how long did that one take you. lmao cheat sheet baby. I start work again tmr. Set a record easy. Do the same escape room I did last time. no diss only love. His son is lucky to get smooched by Tom Brady. Don’t dis the goat like that. was it tom brady that frenched his son. @harry eat shit. bruh i sent that reel to harry and he didnt even respond. that is like a 10 minute activity. what about harassing the toys in target's kid section. he has to respond first. is it cool with yan tho. is fantastic. escape room is cool with me. but mickey d sprite. ok can u come up with any indoor activity. yea but weekends work for me. starbucks water hits diff. compare our water to rain water. rain water is highly dirty. its basically the same thing. why not just drink some rain water. thats what i do when i go in starbucks. u can get a cup of water. but i dont drink coffee. kenny could be working. we had lunch at crepevine. who's washing all the dishes when youre not there. im the old guy there. earlier today. bro arent u the main guy of that starbies location. when you visit?. why. and you were not there. i can do friday if he is availale. maybe friday but likely not. im not available weekday. yea his brain friedfried. but not weekday?. so im pretty sure he wont wanna go again. im free this weekedn. bro was about to type at me. That draven so dogshit. but this is the final straw. all the shit teams were a hint. they dont want us duoing anymore. Is there a patch or something. Im pressing accept. yea didnt wannap lay with them. Do people have eyes. But it shouldve been only 3 games. i didnt know i was playing with a low prio loser. I was put on delay queue or whatever yestrrday. I leave games quite often. I might be bcus. why. They did not deserve to win. why are the queue times always fucked. bro what is your mmr. i mean she was trolling half the game. Always split pushing. I swear. This lulu never ulted snyone. No clue how he got so fed. I was up on this kane. I felt like this lulu was doing nothing. i dont even know what hapepned this game. Hate this game. its not even cait top.... fuck this loser. fucking cait top im tryharding. I wanna record my insec later. are you playing another?. Gave zigs a shutdown that he fed to ez. Also they were running bot lane. And more gold than me. did nothing. Then fucking ez got a shutdown. I was playing well early. That game was so weird. I got a sick insec tho. We were not winning with that kata. Bunch of ducking cheezers top. Dude what is this internet. I got gapped in a gold game. That was sad. Ill play 1 more. And soon is a dogshit champ. Dude I was on 100 ping. Swear to god. They did not want to win. I was blasted tf out. guess we have to wait and see. First super week or second. 100t superweek incoming. We losing first game. nah we play till we lose. Ill play1 more if u still want. Motherfucker. @cum king u wanna wild rift tonight. Slightly racist. Maybe later. Ok ima shower. My failed insec. Bro what. Swap with me. You can have. When is this not true. But enemy team could never end. So we lose every objective. Olaf jg ults and runs at first person he sees. My team is fucking retarded. @cum lord why is it taking you 30 minutes to win a plat game. Unless you wanna drive yourself?. Kenny driving all of us ?!?!?!?. It was all external. When we looked at the repairs. Yea it’s good. @cum pedophile why did you challenge me in chess. @cum queen is your car okay to drive to sj. @cum herald. i think we can rank with iron. You still wanna play?. all na players located in mexico. not enough na players. but even when i didnt spike there is delay. i spike every 10 seconds. swear im playing in mexico servers. Why it taking 20 minutes to beat bots. im on big booty mommy. playing with some bots. im in one rn. I’ll play a few. any brotherers. For real. @Deleted User Is everyone awake for brothers?. Sry fell asleep. @Deleted User brothers at 1 tmr?. @cum lord wanna play an aram. we can play after. its ok then. cece calling her mom. wild cum?. @cum king @cum herald. the crew?. any foods u guys want in particular. When and where, I should be available. @Deleted User does anyone wanna get food tmr. fat bitch. how depressed are you rn. @cum pedophile miss you. also im going clubbing later tonight so ill prob play tmr. cuz if it is were going for rank 1 boys. yo is trio ranked allowed?. but apparently we played it a bit on this account. u hit masters on that account?. when we abused double support item all the way to masters. lmfao my match history on this account. Need harry to carry us. Lemme find it. One. What rank is that. 77okuzen is close friends with big booty mommy. Watching 100t run it rn. Im down to rank with harry later. Hell yea we do. I don’t have those on 77okuzen. lmk if u need a feeding teammate. I FORGOT ABOUT THOSE. Mommy milf lover. Bruh you got hella accounts in gold rn. If you still remember the login lmao. You have chaeyoung unnie. Need to check if i have a gold account. We can try. hes iron. Can I just play on a gold account. @cum king lets make new accounts and climb to rank 1 with harry. we wild cumming. on my way!. @cum king @cum herald. Maybe in 15 mins. should be back by 10. @ me when you get back if you still wanna play. Aight. i could tbh. Just play at the gym. @cum lord @cum herald any wild rifters. the duration in which i am thinking about u. doesnt matter what time. What that mean. I won’t drive but I can pay for part of the gas. Ayo what the. or i can be the booster seat for yan when he's driving. i drive we strap yan to top car. His car does not seat enough. Who driving. Alright ima be that guy. 1 hour to sj may be close. Okay maybe 3 is best then. whenever i wake up. I have whole day off. @Deleted User when is the earliest everyone is avail on Friday. Maybe 3 is a better start time and end at 5. Is two hours enough time to golf?. And then dinner at 6/7?. I say 2 or 3pm start and end at 4 or 5pm. Ok, I’ll let my work know. I HAVE DABIN APRIL 1ST. at least 2-3 weeks notice. Bitchass didn’t give early enough notice. kids aint gonna be watched that day i guess. nah this on them. They better cover me. This coworker better cover for you. But next we go out Yan. Saturday is fine with me too. Apparently has a family vacation already booked but didn’t say until now. april fools. Answer my question dick face. Tell them fuck off. For you to cover. Bro who tf is asking. If we want o stick to Friday I’ll decline to cover. Currently being asked to cover for someone :((. thought you requested a day off on either friday tho. @Deleted User How does everyone feel about moving it to Saturday?. Im off fridays. I will attempt to make the reservation. @Deleted User what time Friday. back to back throws in two games where theyre leading. 100t trolling. His gf cheating on him i guess. Why are his legs so skinny. What just happened. I was shitting on wukong in lane and tje fucking chinese mid jg duo decides to help him and camp me. You fucker. Baited me. Im too tired. I’ll play one. Dont need to be home to play wildrift . Not home. Oh shit he’s my favorite. its leg day rn for me . rn its me linus nathan and our friends kyle jeffrey. i just got back from the gym. @cum king @cum herald wildrift?. I only know never broke again. but who is going again harry?. and get morrison to come too lol. @cum goodnight lmk when u get ur ticket. (i have never heard of him). his music is fire. (i do not know what cash cash is). i have also purchased a ticket for cash cash. its the same price as when i bought it lol. @cum herald. is the price wild now. @cum goodnight did u get cash cash tickets. i was playing val. when me and aaron were playing. why you aint ask like an hour ago. wild rift?. Ive seen this before. Also all of t1 won first team all pro. Im gonna have to take it into my own hands and buy the org to save trout and ohtani. If the angels dont make the playoffs this year. dogshit at the plate. is japan the best baseball country?. bro is always going places. some bs about working early and then family over on the weekend and then working early and then going to hawaii. later tonight. @cum pedophile @cum king @cum queen lethal?. i hope the remake does all 1000 chapters. what is this character. @cum jester bro playing han d is fucking painful. I don’t really watch even now lol. time to rewatch ha ha ha. and place summons. ok so im playing the class right then. and dash around. u hold down missiles. it's literally free. mechanic is a disgusting class lol. send the defender to the gulag. helmet to helmet contact on a qb should be illegal. if he gets the ball he’s shooting it. Theres no way thats a real team. can u buy me a house. yan is playing lethal company?!. not rn sry :\. wanna do some chess puzzles tho. i think im done for now unfortunately. i zoomed out and beat the game. this is a game changer wtf. and u can scale down the UI. should i. did u change the aspect ratio. omg im invincible!!!!. yea dont cheat tho :3. wait theres damage sliders wtf. AND THE ABILITY IS ASS?. @cum jester yo fuck the huntress warp dart trial. Ansel look at this madness. But if I got the mats. I'm not sure if I'll build him yet cause I have seele and jingliu. "The 4 stars on my banner are ASS im gonna force myself into your team". The announcement for it was so funny holy. GONNA ASK IF UR EXCITED FOR IT. @cum jester @cum genshinerhonkaier did you guys see that Dr ratio is gonna be free. When i have access to my pc in a few days I'll come carry as robomando. Risk of rain returns is pretty fun. the clicking one is DICK. i use controller but if u remap keyboard it's fine i heard. what controls do i use. also risk of rains returns is p hard. havent been playing bc i love grinding in maplestory (it's a prison and i'm experiencing stockholm syndrome). @cum jester is risk of rain returns multiplayer?. I forget his name but hes a pitcher. Lee has a brother in law thats posted rn too. down with japan, korea now my favorite asian country. Giants should just sign Koreans. This sexy man gonna shit on them. Yea they’re gonna be ass. Shohei and Glasnow gonna combine for 100 IP in the next 3 years. so random mobs just voice record or what. He has nasty stuff i believe him. Dude has a nasty curveball. If giants can get him to just pitch later into games. Verlander won a cy young at like 37. 6yr contract wouldnt be that bad. I hope the giants get snell. U know what. @cum queen @cum king are u back. need ur commentary. it ok we can wait :3. just kidding i cannot join i dont have my headphones. i am at work  i can join but i cannot talk. cant be me. wait for me. yea i insatlled uit. @cum queen theres among us update in escape sim. @cum king if u can. this hsit. my game crashing. what thing. im trying to see if i can fix this thing tho. or go fourby with geets?. nah im not playing with them LOL. @cum queen they dcd lol. So not more company. ok we using bigger lobby and late company. hang on theyre confused about what mods theyre running. Coming. start without me. o. they wanna play now LOL. yea sure. @cum jester would you like to play lethal company with some people i dont know and sarah. dam it rly do be ginger water. this mf sam been on runelite for 13 hours. yea maybe a tiny bit coarser. ill just try a different grind size nxt time. sweetbloom the brand. the one i showed u. which one is the ginger water one. wish i had a fancy coffee thing but that shit is getting crazy. their coffee is good. that's dope. are u on a coffee subscription thing. Havent even finished last months batch. that sounds good. u could have ground it too fine idk. New batch just came in few days ago. what beans u got. i think its the coffee. french press? drip? cold brew?. how'd u prep it. this fucking coffee i made taste like ginger water. u still owe me. stop playing runescape. you can ask the man himself. apparently swe and engineers love it. one of the only games i can play on macos. yea im thinking of playing it. at least it aint gay hentai amirite. ppl drawing straight hentai on twitch now LMAO. never played it bc not my thang. Wait is that the game Sam used to play. just watched some factorio gameplay, that shit is crazy. comeback sround 19. damn that eli video is even funnier after remember brady is a giants fan. This is why i drafted him in fantasy. Nurkic actually said that?. "What’s going on with him, I don’t know. Personally, that brother needs help. I’m glad he didn’t try to choke me.". Dude is messed up. Also what the fuck is draymond doing. 4-15 curry the goat. Yet they only lost by 3. The starting entire lineup tbh. Also klay is sooo fucking washed holy shit. Why have I upgraded to treasonist. IM COMING. or you're gonna be the cum in exile very soon. hurry up. hurry up. just the multiplayer one. Wait what mods?. @cum king am i launching with mods?. might be the old one us four had. you guys have the table set up and everything already. lil date night lethal company. how many are there of you guys. are you deadge too. why are you typing. offense. what moon are you guys running?. dont mess with the gang. his homie pulled up. only for another thumper to block my path to the exit. 1v1d a thumper. one sec we in a moon rn. but wheres the cum queen at. rip captain holt. Damn he was a really good actor too. speeding to change his wikipedia to say was instead of is. holy shit. Rip Captain Holt. you messed with the king. sorry brotha. Fellow jingliu enthusiast. I can respect that. yea im a tyrant. this is abuse of power. IT'S ALL I HAVE. GIVE IE TBACK. THE CUM DUKE. @cum amazonian whats your uid!!. fuck you mean unfortunately. hold up i just seen this. black pink > black clover. arson judge who?. 2 gold gloves and dominant pitching. If they get another top line starter and chapman im happy. Maybe its my time to step in. Needs more haters. MLB needs more nba type discourse. I hate that his wholesome image has people brainwashed into believing he’s some god. Bro is not a fucking genius. Like ohtani is just some dude willing to take less money so there’s less competition so he can win some Mickey Mouse rings. This was 100% the idea of lawyers. There’s no way this motherfucker has an advanced understanding of tax laws. Dude everyone calling ohtani a genius for this contract is pissing me off. they should always pull new versions so as to not have conflicting code. He is a sick man. Dude wants to build the monstars. “Competitive team”. cus when i push i think my code is just there and they dont need to pull to use it. when you pull, it overwrites your current version with the version on github. when u say so ur team can pull, does it mean to pull to ur local file?. i figured out that to merge branch i pull from sandbox to main. whats a pull again. also if you're working on different components, you need to push what you did so your team can pull. "changed variable name". i literally be pushing the smallest shit. thats what i thought. That's demon behavior. my partner said hes almost done with his code and he didnt even push once. this ^^. as a way of storing previous versions. you should push incrementally. to log ur changes. am i stupid or is there no point in using github if ur not gonna push ur code until u finish the entire thing locally?. game is sending me a message. when I was pulling for huohuo I lost 50/50 for gepard. When I was pulling for jingliu LC I lost 75/25 to Gepard lc. i complain about getting 5 stars early. my name is cum jester. spit your facts indeed. we love STELLAR JADES. Bro was whooping my ass. FUCK ARGENTI. @cum genshinerhonkaier I just beat MOC 10 for the first time. Unfortunately I know aaron from davis . It's nice to meet you too. drop the steam friend codes. and he invite. guys try adding ty on steam. you guys have more company installed yea?. as queen of seaman gang. ofc ofc. I wanted to be apart of the kingdom you know. thank you. bro requested it. i have to install the omd. how do you know which ones are client side. i'm gonna add ship total mod which is client-sided. thats it. so what mods do we have?. it worked for me. i tried using it before the update. and you know what. i dont think it works. i tried it. get latecompany too you don't have to restart da lobby. nick says this works on version45. imma gym rn but down to join later tonight if u guys still playing. im free in 30. lmk which mods u make them install. make them install mods. can we mega party. @cum goodnight @cum herald @cum king @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier @ty. are we lethal companying. if u rly love it. spend how much?. what. i feel like a deferral exists only to fuck with competitive balance. why are deferals even allowed tbh. Mlb loves the dodgers. they think hes gonna blast 70 mill a year and then be broke or smth???. hes getting less money lmfao. possibly. Most likely Saturday is ok. Friday I have work. @cum queen @cum herald @cum pedophile mario movie tmrw?. graves and tf are gay for each other. thats cannon. cause they have gay sex. playing graves and tf. Feeling like canyon and showmaker. Ima switch account. Lmk when ur done @cum king. Wild speculation. They think hes dealing with some off court issues and hes bringing those negative vibes on court. Luka has better numbers, but they said something like he brings negative vibes lol. @cum king leave ur game rn. Still have no idea what was in that. Fr like when you ordered the soup at the Mexican place. Just got home from the gym. And this fuckhead goes 1-8. Gets auto filled support and asks “can i have top i got autofilled”. Dam suns warriors might meet in first round. He hates white peoples. Traded everything for kyrie to push deep into the playoffs just to maybe not make it and kyrie leaving after the season ends. Got the fk are there mavs 8-16 since kyrie trade. aaron rly be do ordering stuff that people are not ordering. You really ordered something with no idea what it was. Wait its a citrus fruit. i tried 3 times and have the authority. First thing i saw. It was on their “new drink” page. Damn where tf is that. 30 mins later not a single person in the gym. Lmfao do you even know what a kumquat is. Unless kumquat is similar to lemon. Harry tell ur friend that the kumquat drink taste like lemonade. Harry’s friends work there. U heard of it?. Was the closest cafe. Where from. Mechanical outplay. He fucking dashed under it or some shit. That hook went right through him. Account is cursed. Same account too lmfao. This classic. Who was the other champ that something like that happened to u. Gwen op as fuck. My lane was completely lost after that. Ur getting cucked by riot every game. That hits me. Ain’t no way. Bro. What he do. Lee hacking for sure. On 150ms vs the most insane lee sin gold rank has ever seen. I’m watching this replay. Evwry input delayed. I dont wanna play. I can play a game. The boba shop is crowded as fuck too lmfao. Customfit. Was going to the gym but its crowded af so ima wait like 30 mins. Is nothing. Ok ill save it for u when u come back. If the connection is good ill play. Walking to a boba shop rn. Dogshit team I can’t take it. Fuck this I’m not a giants fan anymore. Adcs dont know what to do. I only play him vs 4+ ad. Hes funny tho. That champ is fucking boring. I bet you’re gonna get sick of rammus real quick. Soccer rammus is S tier skin, how it isnt a legendary skin is beyond me. idk i feel like a lot of ppl still go just cause its close to campus. Pho king is done for. 3 pho places in a small downtown area. Pho competition in davis is high. But I heard it’s good. I haven’t tried it. Yea it’s called sit lo Saigon. @cum king is there rly a new pho place in davis? I thought u were jokiing. The ad not included. Oh it was only the mid jg. Im guessing the 3 chinese name dudes. Wait who was trio. Chinese trio queue getting shit on by a porcupine. It’s a good skin. I want the soccerball skin. I literally just bought him before that game. The rammus pick was op. They be killing themselves. That game was too funny. I’ll play 1 more. Play veigar top. Urgot boring as shit. Oops silly me. Accept my fuckin request. Guess it’s okuzen time. Also I’m emerald on k4nny. Ur emerald now. Down to run some rn if u want. Just finished playing frisbee. hf in class sweetie. Maybe when I get home. @cum king wild cum?. Giants record 0-1 1-1 1-2 2-2 <- you are here . . . 160-2. I lied I actually am on hungry strike. @cum king pics or u didnt eat dinner. send pics of ur food. Ok we can play some other time mb. im in facetime rn. What’s the #. Lmfao I fucking forgot and am now cooking. Too late I’m already on. We dont have to play. Sure I’ll play 1. Heard it’s p good. Ya there’s a new pho place in davis. im cumming rn sorry. im eating rn sorry. @Deleted User anyone wanna get pho at like 830. I have full faith that the giants will go 160-2. Don’t worry. Well I am on the waitlist. @cum king according to that its free if u get into beta. watching creed 3 rn. $15 exclusive popcorn tin (includes large popcorn). might be free friday. I think I’m busy either Saturday or Sunday, don’t know yet. busy next week tho. We watching the Mario movie?. @cum goodnight r u going to dabin tonight?. @cum lord you see this shit. Are you still playing. Im playing in bronze elo rn. i'll miss him on my For You page. LeSaving Money. My street is not 2 hour. what are u doin. fuck it we ball. how early... early. what time. o. r u coming to my house. i might be going out with sb ppl before. I cannot do that. not dissimilar to the coronation of prince simba on pride rock. it's where you place your hands into the pits of my arms and raise me above your head. what is uppies?. @cum herald wanna get lou's before we go to kenny's lmao. I think imma just bring a small lunch then and eat before heading to Kenny’s. I will be there by 1:30. ~1:30 since yan ends his shift 1pm?. Also are we getting food before we go?. How tf ppl gonna live there and move their car every 2 hours. No way residential area is 2 hours right. I’ll lyk when I’m back from class. Is the parking around your place all day? Or 2 hour. I think imma head over to your place right after my shift. might be a bad reading tho. hunter greene threw 105 what the fuck. But they won. U guys still at the gym. i head out now. Google says I get there at 3:59. it takes me 5 min to get there. lmk when u begin ur journey. o i thot u were driving. how long does it take u to get to sunset gym. @cum herald can we do 4. since yan is coming after his morning shift. When you guys meeting here. I think I missed it. unless we're eating in sj. the reservation's for 3, but ample time to get food prior. we're getting food before tho right. should be. are you guys meeting at my place?. im down to get little sweet after ur gym date. Was playing ultimate spellbook veigar with ashe ult and ashe ult and r insta kill. its all about TECHNIQUE. then our arms can be tired. if our form is correct. actually yea they can its whatever. our arms cant be tired for top golf. and i go today and we do chest tmr. nah thats coo. unless thats too much for u. my shit weak af. so chest back shoulders tricep. and then upper tmr. up 2 u ill wake up for it. What time r we going on friday. that means i take todays rest day lul. what time. shit im dropping all my plans. what a scam. but yo shit 15 bucks a day. Follow the leader. but everyone decided to die for nothing. that game was so won. might as well die for no reason!. and the rest of the team is just like. and then you die. dude its so annoying when you have all the kills. Fuck them kids. Its ok. that fucking level one lmao. dude that one outplay i had was sick. no shield or nothing from team. Yone is weird whenever i play him i just e and button mash. i just wanted to cancel the naut ult. dude why did my e go over the fucking wall. demolish. Demolition ? Idk. The tower thing. i cannot believe i inted that so hard. dumb ass fuckers. fuck htis game. Lol we can stop if u want. fine ill play 1 more. And they live with 1 hp. why are we playing against emeralds. thats why i said it wouldve been good to ult mundo last game. Til that lee sin ult is % bonus hp and not execute. this is so annoying to play. ive had enough of this fucking shite. alright. His cleavers r insane. I couldnt even fight him early. And he was up 1k???. And mundo was something like 1-0-0. I was 1-0-2. Like at the start. cause all she did was farm. also her build was dogshit. better to kick the mundo tbh. Zeri from behind no dmg. My ult hit their entire team at the end. is not a great choice. Nami did nothing. And he somehow got a 1.5k lead on me from nowhere. And he still clears faster. I went straight to raptors to red. We both got to mid same time. I did not know mundo clears faster than me. This game was fucked from the start. If this nami builds the support item. We can both insec. to the mundo. and then this dude just straight up ints. bro my lane was won. Indian crossbow slinger. Thats our baren. 3 more auto from anyone. bro that colts receiver. u guys watch the texans colts game. How does he do his jump with those legs. this is amazing. Andrew Tate watches priconne. oh shit youre right. I am curious and excited for what they’re cooking. i found it. whats ur lucky cubing map i need it. @cum king farhan just said robbie ray is their #2. bum doesnt have the power to hit it in the cove. this is ownage. fk it ill take anything at this point. is this ownage. and only expected to return after allstar break dam. robbie ray contract is disgusting actually lmao. needed to clear outfield space and rid of descakfani. mitch haniger back to seattle lmfao. thats so funny. I’m a mobile gamer now. Guys my new phone came with Apple Arcade for 3 months. FUCK I shouldn’t have talked about it. And it’s there. Wait I told you guys about the hotpot thing. Wtf is this brawler. I dont watch the games so idk what hes doing wring but how does a coach go from all those rings to ppl wanting him fired so quickly. Kerr getting flamed so much this season. curry turnover on last possession. klay one legged 15 footer instead of setting his feet. but oh my god the warriors down the stretch man. Just turn npb to dodgers AAA team. patch gated xd. yup thats what i thought lol. you have so much time lmao. @cum herald. such a mess. supercell dont give a fuck about f2p cause these players out here instamaxxing new brawlers. so many maxxed out cats already. dude i played like 10 games of solo showdown in 100-200 trophy range. at least they straight up said they like money. ok but p2wers will be MILES AHEAD. How does this not nerf free to play. I DONT HAVE THAT SHIT SO I DONT HAVE MOTIVATION TO PLAY FOR IT. make the brawl pass more fun to complete. battle pass cant be bought with gens. Rly?. game is so p2w now. Using catgirl to make money. Greedy mfs. Wait you’re right. fk cat holy shit. only 6.99 USD. i dont see the option to buy with gems. The monkey is so funny. Cat has Leon super on gadget. Motherfucker shot me through silence???. It’s 169. i'm also 29 short if so. how much is the brawl pass. Idk what happened. wait i might not have enough either let me check. how could this be. @cum jester @cum lord I do not have enough gems to buy this pass. quebecois = french part of canada. ami = friend in french. 28-down, tis. demon slayer braindead class. 7-down, in it. is this enough. u give me a reason to open them. and type. i wish i can talk but im in bed. honestly i just cc in leafre or go to unused maps lmao. I'm paying for this pass. I’m paying for this pass. Bro. what is up gamers i'm still in the office. I'M MISSING CONTENT?. i'm boutta cum on ur hairy son, lance with an i. Need harrison to be the next lincecum. joey wheeler neva gives up. But still wish didnt give up wheeler. Wait nvm Beltran had a 920 ops with the giants. Wheeler for a washed up Beltran was sad. Have you seen glasnows postseason numbers tho. TIL Burnes is from bakersfield. But to think in a different universe the giants coulve had wheeler, gausman, and webb. Snell at 21 is a little criminal but hes so flip flop who knows. Ragans above senga and snell is something. Giants should trade for him. Bryan Woo #42 lets go. Heres full list. Post season choker. The bonds without a bat vid is too funny. Every once in a while i remember again how insane bonds was and it never doesnt completely blow me away. atleast ur not this guy. Yamamoto top 3 when he’s never thrown a pitch in the mlb is wild. Where snell. Ive never heard glasnow and ace in the same sentence until he signed with the dodgers. U know. in a bit. i was gonna play more dave the diver but if everyone is on im down. are we lethaling?. its bathroom time for me. give me a moment to hop on. just go without me . Okay friends this week I am still leaving for a trip on Thursday . if kenny's better then i'm down for thursday. thursday it is lul. I’m down! But do beware I work Wed, Fri, Sat, & Sun. if we get the urge to go golfing on a random weekday night are u down. dont think so atleast. i just started maple for the day. are u out of rep?. it's literally 1/3 in maplestory time. yup im level gated already. dont forget to rank up and recruit. but i think im around 90 something. im used to ur characters ansel. dont laugh at my hair. i need to check. what lv are u in that. ive been having too much fun during afk story. so it's whatever. u had to farm 1 regardless i think. yeah i havent paid any attention to this event. ye i was gonna do 1 blue summon. or summons. o i thought it was 9 for 1 draw. u can only get 9 from farming. oh fuck. including todays. how many blue dragon eggs am i supposed to have. that's true. also we could go golfing on a random wednesday night again lol. I’m out of town this weekend and I work weekends ;-; so it seems like it is not in the cards for me. but we can do saturday if that accomodates to ur schedule. we usually go sunday. I could for select days :0. What day is this. Wot. ima test tomorrow when the 10 days is up. i tested positive sunday. if kenny healed is sarah coming golf . and is kenny covid free. r u healed from sickness. but im leaving it up. who's scott. i just saw the dude cumming a lot. wait i didnt see the caption. youre so right. holy shit. then sign bumgarner and lincecum back. giants need to study a way to return a player to their prime. I need the giants to overpay for soto. Like every rays pitcher. Idk why i thought he was like one of those pitchers that was hella promising and got injured. Oh yea fried is still good dam. sale is good when hes available i think?. morton is okay. i think fried is still good. Arent they all washed. chris sale now. Who do the braves have in their rotation besides strider. dodgers have a really good 1-4 and then a bunch of mid players. also braves lineup is stacked. idk dodgers pitching is a bit rough atm. I take the dodgers line up and rotation over the braves. Braves still better than the dodgers?. the wink and "exclusively on ...". Why does this tweet read like an onlyfans ad. happy new year. Happy new years. Happy new years . Happy new years fellas. happy new years everyone o7. Happy new year fellas. Happy new year fellas. Casey schmidtt. they have young budding stars. Giants have no one. giants have thairo estrada. Who tf would choose the mariners. who has been shit this season but still good. they have jrod. i was thinking ichiro doing major work trying to get him to join the mariners. Maybe Japan fans want him to join darvish. theres no way he joins the dodgers. @london breed seduce ohtani rn. @london breed remodel japan town right now. They just gonna cheer for him. Japan fans won’t give a fuck what team he joins. u know how the dodgers treated their japanese players in the 80s. imagine the shit he will get from japanese fans if he joins the dodgers. has to be sf or seattle. Ain’t no way. This is some of the biggest cope i have ever seen. Gotta be giants or mariners. No way he goes to la or sd right. Ohtani doesnt seem like someone who would join a team thats already stacked with stars. Im expecting u to be here in 20 mins. Aight bet. Ima be chilling at ggp if anyone wants to do anything @Deleted User. ;m view shiny persian. ;m view shiny meowth. and 1 espresso at 12pm alrdy keeps me up til 6am . i havent been tired bc i had coffee at 5pm. thats illegal. for the third time. @cum herald cant wait to for this trip to japan to end with not eating ramen again. bro why are u guys still u. not religious . i think im a 5 asian. kenny is so white. u guys are white washed . beisbol a white sport. austin has too many wypeepo. probably houston > austin > dallas. there are a decent amount of asians in dallas. hewtin tessis. @cum herald. i didnt consent to this. what the. ill trade u the premier ball. mui found a wild Dodrio! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. prolly nnot today. idk why it does that. mui found a wild Rapidash! Your vote is ready! /vote for Lootboxes, Vote Coins, & Special Vote Boxes! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. Anyone wanna get sushi for lunch. Im down to do whatever, it might just be the 3 of us tho. We’re watching spiderman next week right?. If we hang out tmr, then imma chill today and get everything done. The game 530. hu tao's ult heals her why dont u use it. i think im getting back into it. i kinda thought u were just doing ur friend's dailies. wait angel are u back in maple again. not the bonus potential. not the 14 star arcane cape. y r u looking at a wall @cum queen. wait what time monday night?. he always sends. if ur pickin up what im puttin down. bullseye on discord. he's a raver LMAO. i do play reboot. @cum swirls do you play maple?. kk we finishing up one rn. discord watch party?. @Deleted User we could meet monday night and watch heat celtics game 7. Nuggest sweeping whoever comes out. Your Dialga gained 250 EXP!. i feel like they tried to give him a big role but he didnt rly do anything. theyre gonna make the black guy the next main character huh. After four movies they still haven’t really shown The Table. Uhhhh didn’t really watch the trailers. Not the ending I expected. I agree with aaron, didnt rly like the movie. or was that the third movie lol. wasnt there a scene in the trailer where hes on a horse with a sword. ur telling me not one dude in 4 movies hit a lucky shot. lots of spamming ;p. These guys going after John wick are clone troopers. And possibly cleaning my car. Lots of laundry. might only be u me and kenny. what other plans do u have. im still down, idk who else will come. If yes, then I will plan my day around that. Also are we still meeting up tmr?. Ayo watching John wick rn. whats up with the director and his obsession with dick. the black dude can command his dog to eat a dudes nuts. and this dude has 10 dick shots in 40 mins. watching john wick rn. snoog opened 2 lootboxes... snoog received: 6 x 2 x and 1,729!. Your Dratini gained 250 EXP! Your vote is ready! /vote for Lootboxes, Vote Coins, & Special Vote Boxes!. idk whats going on lmao. mui found a wild Marshtomp! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. mui found a wild Nidoranm! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. i think im just busy most of tmr . actually wait. surely one of these days it will be true. if he says it enough. you say this everytime LMAO. plus the ivs r insane. rather sell than swap. i swapped 2 and missed the 1/7 both times. Now shits packed. Used to come here no line empty lot. from 1 to 1 to 1. tatis is back tf. fk fishing. Unless you guys wanna eat a little later. I’m going to San Mateo today. fishing??. thats a lie. lets see if the others have anything. Just bored. depends on what were doing and what to eat. @Deleted User do u guys wanna hangout today, grab dinner or something. Why buy it when u can go to his giants announcement ceremony and get a signed jersey urself. which is like 2200 dollars. shit was 250000 yen. mui found a wild Rapidash! Click any of pb gb prb to catch it!. webb vs burnes tmr. Giants r good again, what a time to be alive. snoog found a wild Noctowl! Click any of pb gb ub prb to catch it!. I apologize for my mistake. I just realized this is the regular chat. REEEXAR found a wild Trapinch! Click any of pb gb ub prb mb to catch it!. Your next quest is :notepad_spiral: Encounter 500 Pokemon in the wild!. Please wait a few more seconds to find another Pokemon!. Your Dialga gained 100 EXP!. :notepad_spiral: | Your next Quest is now ready! Type /quest to get a new Quest. Support the development of PokeMeow for special perks and monthly rewards such as & ! | Type ;patreon to support for ingame perks and rewards! REEEXAR found a wild Diglett! Click any of pb gb ub prb mb to catch it!. unless ohtani moves there. They could make some crazy moves. You never know. Gonna take yeara to rebuild. Like when they move there who is gonna watch a shit team. Only good vegas team is hockey. Their team still shit. The proposed As stadium looks kinda cool. From 5-0 in quals 1st seed to not even winning a map in bracket and placing top 12. Then 100t 3-0s them. And play 100t in losers round 1. Optic loses 0-3 in winners round 1. 100t won last major tournament but shit the bed 1-4 in quals so enter bracket play in losers bracket. Optic went 5-0 in quals and enter bracket play as 1st seed. Bro. Dude has to be the number1 point getter. Mf has 22 stolen bases already. Acuna is on fire, i didnt think hed bounce back like this. New wildrift update. Maybe tmr ill watch it. the rest of the show isn't like the 1st eppy. tfw it's just a prologue. The 1hr scares me. i hear it's good adaptation tho. i read the manga so not rly. The idol show. R u still watching. also i hear the manga does not end or proceed in plot. i only watched season 1. annoying to watch probably. and a coward. main guy is a cuck. Todays starting lineup had 6 ppl with ops above 800. I hope he keeps it up and has a career year like crawford did in 2021. Should be 1. he be good at the plate. Who needs soto when u have wade. The goat. @cum king lamonte wade is leading the league in obp. never watched. Why do ppl shit on rent a girlfriend? Is it that bad?. for now....... i am living proof that that statement is false. the actors played it off well. Celtics making historic 3-0 comeback. puzzle hub? hardly know her!. thanks to u kenny i just caught a Spiritomb . ur right. you need to have caught 750. Rip. You haven’t caught enough. so i forgot to throw a ball at it. i was playing wildrift at the same time. The blastoise?. What happened. never touching that command ever again. i gave up that game after what happened yesterday. Bitch don’t even look shiny. Bruh I caught a shiny. i only remember this shit cus i roomed with him. Normal Vegas behavior. he gave it back tho. cus no one else saw that the cleaning lady had it. You remember what it was. and when we were leaving the cleaning person found it and vegas said it was his and wasnt gonna give it back. Who. Wait what. yea and i remember someone lost something kinda expensive. Not surprised. What the fuck. i remember vegas pee'd in the sink when we checked out. Vegas and Peyton I felt like were a package. You must have been with Peyton. i forget who else if it was triples. but i think i was with vegas. Cause I was with Nick and Nate. I think it was triples. Maybe it was jasper. Actually idr. I think I roomed with Francisco. Bro ain’t no way jasper knew what one piece was. I remember that. And then he made fun of you cause you stayed in the room watching one piece. Stg you roomed with jasper or some shit. Like I wasn’t even there. I literally remember none of this. Yea I remember that shit. Nope. i remember vegas was like "if i chug this giant thing of spicy salsa everyone owes me a dollar" and no one agree'd but the mf did it anyway. That one dude flexed his world series ring. We got to see the cubs training facility. Yea then I actually don’t remember. You were definitely there. We went sd senior year. No this was junior year. Cause I don’t think I remember it. I don’t think I was there for@it. It was destiny. i was literally looking in my drawer yesterday and i saw that ticket lying there. That’s the exact game lmao. have the ticket still. But I don’t remember if I actually was there. This pic was posted on the subreddit and it gave me some deja vu. why. For some reason I remember seeing that live. Like the players had to lie on the ground. And we watched a spring training game. @cum lord do you remember when we went to sd for baseball over spring break. Last year i had him for fantasy and i think he wasnt the full time closer and i dropped him. Greatest closer of all time. i ran for that shot hope u appreciated it. Wild roomba has appeared. not the tank anime . i dont have Asperger's despite my shaky hand camera. as one would. warwick seems fun tho. i forgot about that. Its been so long. I think thats all. Holy shit. who. They teases them like 2 months ago. did they announce new champs?. When tf r the new champs coming tho. Thatd be big. that puts him ahead of faker io. on both pc and mobile. tian first ever cross platform worlds winner. knight can finally win something. Honestly. all of tes should siwtch over. fuck pc league. is this what wayward is doing in the offseason LMFAO. I fucking left this game cus i had a meeting to attend and holy fuck we won LMAO. When ahead hes not as good as pc. Feels really bad. jk i feel like graves sucks cock in this game. Graves also makes ur teammates 50% dumber. All mygraves games my ither lanes are running it. but sett and yone are not balanced in this game. Same player? Lmao. i was getting embarrassed on sion in gold ngl. Graves top has a +50% enemy gank rate istg. Theres literally a path telling u where to go. Ya plat is like that too. and then people that ego like theyre not hardstuck. or ppl that are actually bots. holy fuck these people are actually insufferable. i was playing in gold. not yet but i will later today. @cum jester have you listened to the new carly rae jepsen album. Reminded me of you . hes playing tryndamere. this dude calling me a pussy for playing graves top. theres a goblin drill. rocket blows up the goblin riding it. like it was barrel + rocket or smth. i thought it was a new card. how is it different from regular rocket. Bitch was emoting. never heard the term "gorilla grip pussy"?. is that slang for cum. theres nothing holding it up. how the fuck is the bun staying on his dick. wtf it's not showing the important photos. y'all gettin this figure?. what is this. i think deleting messages only works on your side. hope it doesn't show it anymore. Astros about to sweep the entire playoffs. @cum jester the futa widowmaker cock that you sent in the gc keeps showing up in my safari. lmao its worse. how much is it worth now. @cum herald do you still own dogecoin. just like when i said to buy doge coin when it was on the up and up but i didnt do exactly that. why didnt i fuckin do this. viper goes back to korean and joins damwon. does this mean. so fucking close. Feels bad edg tho. Banger of a series. today the reverse sweep. yesterday the almost reverse sweep. or something. that was sick. how did he steal that drag. beryl gonna go play some priconne now. if they were playing. i wouldve picked 100t over t1. youre actually crazy for that. you picked rng over t1?. the only pickem i got correct is jdg vs rogue. was a certified banger. this series. is scout tilt running it down?. scout geting diffed. ITS HAPPENING. holy shit. i think this oen is weird river height shit. beryl getting absolutely fucked. that missed too. this missed.... what a banger game. this crowd is crazy. and edg to win. i just want them to go to game 5. the reverse sweep would feel so good. that was so cuck. but i kinda want drx to win now. why in the world does kingen walk forward into a bush to tp. rewatching that. i would be too. but hes definetly boomed. idk who this is. fucking bitch. i just shit on a challenger yuumi. hopefully they arent mentally boomed. it really should be 1-1. i want another banger. i hope this game 3 isnt a stomp. yeah so many small things couldve made a difference. ive only seen that happen in aram before. thats so fucking unlucky. this game is insane. twhat. wha. what. would that ult oneshot beryl. is it only when he has long range gun where after his ult he gets the long ass auto. that was so sick. idek what based means. calling yourself based?. based. pictures easier to read. yet you care about the picture. cba reading about baseball and league. If you had basic reading comprehension skills you would have understood this. As I explained in an earlier message, my fellow student, Dylan Sun, posted this question on our class piazza, inquiring about our upcoming midterm. However, he has conflicting information in his question. He understands that the midterm will be released on Wednesday, but contradicts himself by using today's date, October 23rd. This caused me momentary distress before I realized his mistake.. he looks hella fucking american. ur not wrong. Gave me a damn heart attack. Dumbass said Wednesday and then put todays date. Fuck this Dylan motherfucker. He’s like the face of patriotism. He looks so American. I felt bad when the nats won once he left. but his aphelios game 3 and 4 r y they won. Tbh I’d be happy if he won. His aphelios in the last fight begs to differ. the problem was that they dont have a shot caller after ghost and beryl left. deokdam is actually a rlly good adc. Is he better than deokdam. why is bryce harper a batting god in the post season. the shame. whore. you mistyped "your" fucking idiot. @cum herald have fun on oyur trip. @cum herald have fun on oyur trip. Gn tho. We gotta at me from 9-10pm. “We don’t talk anymore”. no i dont think i will. be gentle with them. why dont i berserk your nuts. @cum lord trynna shit on some mobile gamers?. The 5 way player. I hope they tun it back. import tyler1. Idk if theres any good korean bot lane avaliable. so ghost wasnt required to really hard carry like that. there wasnt much jinx aphelios type hypercarry adcs meta. like when they won with ghost beryl. it really depends tbh. mmm idk if theres any good ones avail. Viper comes back to korea. But id agree. I feel like their botlane didnt play terrible. Who do they get tho. they need a better botlane imo. U think showmaker and canyon run it back on damwon?. yo wtf chris chiu just followed me on instagram. damn the astros are looking strong. to the phillies. oof padres dream is slowly fading. And clevinger has been so bad for the padres. Minus legacy points for chovy. GenG almost didnt get out first in a group with covid rng and a weak rest of the group. Honestly tho. Actually goated. Holy shit. Wait really?. was 1 game away from repeat. showmaker. Who did edg beat last year in finals. he a bus driver. Rly?. even if he does win showmaker is still higher. If chovy doesnt win. Is showmaker higher than chovy in the alltime list. put gimgoon over his ass. uzi aint shit cause he never won worlds. imagine if league was like the nba subreddit. Im a hatwr. I dont want him to be in the goat discussion. to be in the goat conversation. chovy needs a chip. my pickems are happy. I needed them to win after rng lsot. covering my face in shame. pedophile addicted to cum?. what emotion does it convey. wtf emoji is that. sheee i will need to check later. that says u need to activate windows. do u have a thing in the bottom right. dont i need to activate the windows or whatever. for like 20 instead of 100+. the cheaper keys that get sold. forgot thats what i have lol. pretty expensive, and idk if oems are good/reliable/worth. why do u need home u are literally on pro. also is it worth to buy the windows 11 home key. u can do this in the nvidia control panel too. literally blasting my eyes at night. need to find a way to lower the brightness of the monitor. do this by right clicking on desktop --> nvidia control panel -->. refresh rate i changed in settings. is that the only thing that needs changing?. but more importantly check ur monitor refresh rate rn!. how does one change it. should be like 3600 or whatever it was. this was what i left it at. especially that one time he lost 1v1 to sej in mid when team was taking baron. thank you nuguri for contributing to renekton death fund. oh wait crystal ball omegalul. CHECK UR MONITOR RIGHT THIS INSTANT YOUNG MAN. every team expected to win has won. bruh what. dunno if i need to change anything. uhhh i sent a pic last time of my bios. and did u set ur monitor to 144hz or whatever its max is. honestly not that loud. and did u set XMP profile so ur ram isn't omega slow. but ngl screen kinda bright. how is it. that iz aweeeesome. in hindsight it looks rough. honestly prob not at the moment. but really decreased dmg no?. its bc his side lane as syndra is also worse than viktor. u cant rlly blame showmaker for that tho. sucks cause it really was all on him. showmaker non stop buying potions and didnt go for 4th item. yeah he def got hyped for the play. and both only hit nami. he ult flash Q. its also not like hes flash ulting. but yeah ad diff for sure in that fight. his ult was so close. and i feel like he waited too long. there were a lot of times he couldve ulted. and did not pay off. yeah deokdam flash forward was ballsy. then damwon prob wins. and they wait cool downs. not really his fault. but true he used his rotation on sej and then the fight happened. yeah thats true. the moment showmaker dies but only stuns chovy its fucked. he kills sej in the back. feel like nuguri showmaker did not play that fight well at all. last fight chovy gets hit by syndra e. made up for it by smurfing that last fight. just face first dashed stragith at him. he had flash up. but yeah idk why lucian even gets hit by kayn w there. fight. doran missed his ult twice in the last fifht. bro the gnar lucian dashing on top of each other into the knockup was so tragic. geng in control entire game until they werent. that game gave me a heart attack. that fight was honestly hype af tho. bursted by ruler. The stopwatch on aphelios ult actually was huge. Holy fuck. This shit was mid gap I cannot lie. Wtf is canyon. Ok maybe they can. It ain’t happenin. my kitchen is my self bend. Abs are made in the kitchen not the gym. New brawler@looks fun. Sheee can’t wait to see everyone sporting the v cut. @cum herald does this look good for my workout. Wow that wasn’t close. dis shit too funny. i just realized did my e not hit the lee sin at all?. fuck it we ball. just like this clip lmfao. hard shove and go red and killed him. Lol rest of your team is combined 1/15 and somehow the Lucian is still the poorest person in the game. i was playing kassadin too so i clear wave giga slow lvl1. just shove first wave and go red and solo kill the jg. i got giga cheesed playing mid vs it. And this samira has the audacity to say “who dont u guys give up”. kinda feel bad for durant and booke. getting absolutely railed in an elimination game at home. bro the suns again. TIL jaylen brown went to Cal. Nvm hes still a bum. Looks like im the fraud. american football is the greatest sport. waow i love learning about football. is marcus smart on the same team. Marcus smart better. He sucks ass. Fraud watch. dictionary. where's the hash map lesson. if u all still around. thankz. inside the loop. since u want it to run every time regardless. outside of conditionals. to update command with new input. The no look sky serve is crazy. The goat volleyballer. and just sat all the way back. lmfao that damage. if ur gonna hop off then its ok. @cum lord aight ill play 1. @cum king wanna play when ur done. what is that sound. Dude blew up on there. Some guy i see on tiktok all the time. Who the fuck is that. Highschool white rapper where have i seem this before . Ngl lil mabu music is actually good. #warriorswin. Sure I’ll hop on when the game starts. Warriors comeback watch party???. Nah that ain’t enough to win. But istg besides klay game 2 theyve been so bad. If klay wiggins just play average warriors win in 7. Shades of ig vs t1 2019 today. At the gym rn. here if u cant read Greetings Aaron, I am unable to capture the waveform as requested on the lab as I lack the mental faculties required to operate the necessary technologies to do so. It would be greatly appreciated if you—someone who possesses great intellect (and is incredibly hot and sexy)—could help me. Thank you.. Gweetings Aawon, I am unyabwe ;;w;; t-to c-captuwe the x3 wavefowm as wequested on the x3 wab as I w-wack the x3 mentaw UwU facuwties wequiwed huggles tightly t-to opewate the x3 nyecessawy starts twerking technyowogies t-to do so. It w-wouwd be gweatwy appweciated if you—someonye notices buldge who possesses gweat intewwect (and is i-incwedibwy hot and sexy)—couwd hewp sweats me. Thank you. sweats. what the fuck is wrong with you two. thanyess. I am literally thanos. I play the game. Shit ima become one. no inclination to play tho. ive heard good things. I open discord and a random new server i never joined it at the top of my server list. Goat mentality. I thought this was a fake account. You gotta be th e original. I tried to get on that shit. Reminds me of that one tweet in the lcs when that dude was like TL pls it’s my birthday. They both fucking lost LMAO. Wtf 7 war being a below average hitter is actually absurd. Maybe kobe is right. chili healthy asf. gonna sleep off this hunger. ty for ur consideration. yes ill give u a hole in the floor so u can poop and pee. suspend mine off a cliff. ok ill give u the best roof with a bunch of flowers on it. the worst block in vanilla. can u make mine out of andesite. underground or above ground. would u like dirt or cobblestone. yea but also helps problem solving and reasoning. someone shit in the pool. fuck dry hot. what type of hot weather. sf doesnt typically have that. bro i love a hearty meal. crime rate on the rise. high. the rent. the food. and wind tunnel. wanna move to seattle aaron. did he have to move the logo 3px to the left. he probably just applied to a startup, passed tests. there's a pikachu code thing. brainfuck is fucked up. typescript fixed that. tbh. it's js but better. learn typescript coward. if you're doing fullstack. the documentation. i legit just told him how to read. or just in the console. like with a UI?. chicken, as well as the soup of the chicken. as in i did not tap my screen. i missed the c. chicken and hicken soup. but havent. yea that too. im growing out my hair. i watched this dude turn the ball over immediately after getting subbed in. sorry i be working on project. #trustthedog. Just drive to the rim like he did for most of the night. I meam curry. haters be dedicated. lmfao curry has the most 4th quarter points in the playoffs and r/nba is calling him a choker. offensively. i dont think so honestly. hes quick enough hto get past him. curry throws the ball out of bounds. yea no one could score. draymond driving and picking up his dribble for what. curry bricks a stepback 29 footer when hes like 2/10. klay dumbass three. dude down the stretch they played SO SHIT. they'd miss for 10 straight shots. past two games there were so many streaks where the warriors couldnt buy a bucket. warrior win 4-3. at least the dog script is still correct. holy shit. what a fucking collapse. bro what are these shots. and got pulled. turned it over. that dude came in for one possession. klay gets the ball and just shoots. and hit it. klay thompson really that dude to shoot a contested 3 even though nothings falling. #LeDirtyPlayer. #warriorswin. Poole popping off.  Successfully uploaded 1/1 emojis > 4 static emoji slots left. I did not know chatgpt knows non English languages. Guy in my class using chatgpt in Chinese.  Successfully uploaded 1/1 emojis > 0 static emoji slots left.  Successfully uploaded 1/1 emojis > 1 static emoji slots left. and it's scaled up to fit discord's sizing. bc i ripped it off twitch. Why is ours low res. What the fuck. Lmfao I didn’t realize that one’s called blacked. catch these waveforms. She 100% could not. I could 100% solo these labs. Elo helled in cs class. Has she done any real contribution. I just want to do my fucking lab man. Like what pisses me off is she’s all nice and shit and tries to talk to me but I really don’t give a fuck. Ill only believe if he becomes a goant next ueat. Then why is bro a gold glove finalist. Dudes a gold glove finalist. hes not getting the half billion contract that he wants. heyyyy soooo my like uhhhhh wave form isnt really workinggggg could you like do it for me plss?. Damn even when Soto hitting like ass his obp still high af. she is incapable of some of the most basic tasks. ok that was mean. sorry im afraid her incompetence may be contagious. they interested  . I hate that shit when ppl text like “heyyyy”. Give me 200% on my grade. Fuck outta here with that shit. Ask her to capture one waveform and she’s all like “yeahhhhh so it doesn’t work”. Dude my lab partner can’t do one fuckkng thing man. nickelodeon at night. what does that have to do with anything bruh. i used to watch george lopez. Wow I haven’t heard those names in a while. why they gotta do that. ik about him already. Look him up now. Played clash Royale on YouTube. Also y’all remember nickatnyte. I didn’t use the pitches cause I haven’t practiced them enough. Yea struck this girl out and laughed her in face. you throw any screwballs?. Does the dude who complains play well?. dude i was kinda sniping the plate. my fucking ab. 10 runs in 4 innings, two offensive juggernauts. What was tha score. my dumbass didnt listen to the baseball prophet. ive got it wrong. oh fuck. He said walk > ball in play. ball in play > walk. but the pitch i swung at was so high. they have some good players and then a couple shitters. tbh their team was not as good as i expected. i think we just play till 1 hour. we actually had like 17 ppl show up today. its crazy. dude we had so many ppl. also i fucking popped out my 1 ab. shades of koby fr. but today it was like crossing the line. like i noticed he took the game hella serious before. Is this the first time he came?. im not trying to be associated with him. this dude argues calls with the umps. bro we have a weirdo on our softball team. You never had to play against me. all im saying is youd never see me getting cooked in middle school  . at least hes accountable. i have a younger cousin who plays for AFY's basketball team and i asked him if they won vs the middle school i went to and he said they lost cus of him because the dude he was guarding kept breaking his ankles . Devin booker is who jason tatum thinks he is. wildrift pc edition. we playing wild rift original. u ugys playing wild rift in there? @cum king @cum pedophile. fast as i can. im switching computers hang on. you whore. Naur.is this even how you spell it?. your chronic tardiness has reached a breaking point and i no longer can tolerate this behavior.. and now i am not going to have sexual relations with you. you took too long. @cum pedophile i am leaving the house. fucking whore. @cum king I’ll at you after this one. Straight up the favorite channel part two. Absolutely not. For why tho. so the next morning he has something nice to wake up to. and then @ yan. that we roll rul34 till we find some heinous shit. i think it should become a daily ritual. i wasted one of my credits by clicking on one of yours. yea my emotes are glitched. She sang the blank panther song. is she still doing beauty stuff. what's rihanna doing. what is the max. o. His is full. what if u add two more people to the plan. Who tf you willing to abandon so easily. Nope. if we have one thats going to be 6 people, im down to swap over. Bitchass. Nvm then. Oh you’re on one already. i think thats with like 5-6 people or something. 2.50 a month. How much you pay rn. 52gb of it. is there enough people to fill up the plan. You’re a freak for storing actual music on your phone. i can free space up in my phone :D. @cum pedophile @cum jester did you guys still wanna do a Spotify plan. @cum jester @cum king ow?. won this in a raffle LOL. first game with no blunders. owned that kid. My greatest game. instead its just broken things and an explosion. wish they took him to court. say it how it is. the ending was shit. yea heard it was mid. the ending was....less satisfying(?) for a lack of better words. coool beanz. @cum jester aight i can play some warmup games now. wait is it the first or second movie. too invested in the movie. you fucking respond with 10 mins left. also dont know if the sound will go through. no parkour is bad for my mental health. im not home yet. ill try. and prolly not gonna play this weekend. would you actually play. im watching knives out rn. @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum herald owowowowowow?. wondering if u free for ow. of my current activities. why. @cum king are u hw. my dad eats it with bread for breakfast and he hasnt gotten up. @cum king cant bring peanut butter. ....cant argue against that. Yeah cause you’re a fat bitch. get my steps in for the day. actually i will prolly just walk to 49 bus stop at ccsf. @cum pedophile you bus tmr?. @cum lord you bus tmr?. @Deleted User make sure u bring cash bc iirc la taqueria is cash only. prolly going to bus. they bussin. are y'all bussin bussin. Forecast says it’ll stop. wait its raining tmr. in the mission. @cum herald wait where’s the Mexican place lol. works for me. Depends when everyone is available. good question, will depend on when aaron is available. When are we eating tmr. yea actually just got back. but hop in call. yea say bye to your internet. They teaching u how to ddos people at school?. people with lisps piss me off. tactical is too good. especially cus hes hyped as a carry top laner. wanna see that from tenacity. fudge fiora shit on kasante 2 games ago. its boring. Is that bad?. and 100t picked orn into it. Who they playing?. Scaling is awesome. Wdym this comp is extremely fun to watch. i wanna see tenacity play fiora or something. i was so excited to watch today just for them to play this fucking sleeper draft. tuna hand rolls and onigiri. does it pass your criteria of being not inflammatory. thats how u know its legit. they only take cash. harry speaks highly of it. @Deleted User would you guys want la taqueria for lunch. lemme send the pic. o didnt know that but makes a lot of sense. those come with their own shaper. for those i think. bc these are too big. but for these prob not. o i have those LOL. the specially made onigiri plastic wraps. and sear them?. are u gonna do the fancy thing. then wrap them with seaweed and plastic wrap. gonna japanese bbq the outside. what with what with. then they spill hot oil on themselves bc horny. yeah this video was a disaster waiting to happen. both front burners on. think so LOL. @cum pedophile you better be not playing fucking games. protect purdy better. and you know what. i saw some lady saying that guys would make fun of lizzo and then watch 300 lb linemen play football. So its like my first time listening to it properly. is that burner on with nothing cooking on it?. released last year. isnt that song old. About dam time is a banger. Listening to some lizzo rn to cleanse myself. bro must've been so happy to get stalemated. "DAD LOOK ALL THE CHESS LESSONS U TAUGHT ME WORKED". "OMG MOM LOOK AT THIS I DIDNT LOSE ". mdgpatrick probably so happy rn. gg i got outplayed. the wraith my queens. i wanted to see him fucking suffer. how did you not beat mdgpatrick. im deleting the app. what a scam. that doesnt put him in check. fuck this game. he has no legal move. wrong pic. and the shit ended. and turn my two pawns into queens. i wanted to make him suffer. fuck this game. u know what. why he aint ff. i got +2 mins on him. you're pog crazy with it. but u probably made a move already lmfao. u can take d3 pawn with knight since rook is pinning that pawn to the king. trade everything. every game i feel like both players just waiting for the other to make a mistake. he takes so longs to move. fucking loser. so boring. u two should 1v1 in chess. you think i didnt screenshot?. oh no he's deletin. then if he asks for proof send him thanos cock. snitch on you. queen's gambit is the only training u need. Got my first chess.com win now 1-4 #risingstar. He got a new gf I thought. He wants his wife back. next day he retires. lol there was a post on the baseball subreddit about brady being the last active sports player drafted by the montreal expos. Bruh you would take purdy and trey lance over the goat?. Unless he’s trolling again. Well he just retired so. but if they sign him as a third string qb thatd be fire. @cum lord you think the niners will sign Brady?. youre just too good. youre welcome. video tldr: mj is the goat. 10ppg over 4 assists anyday. this is also a crime. no fucking way steve nash won the mvp award over kobe that year. but put in all star mvp as a criterion for fun. he said hes not counting mvp award as a criterion cus "many times mvp has won but wasnt the best player that year". individual season. calculating best season ever. fucking jimmy highroller. tell them to make more. Theyre outta guac. I won’t stream, but you can spectate my game. come stream league. parents very particular about dinner. @cum herald @cum swirls my bad lmao. log in on pc and stream it. u just gotta take control of the center. i look at the analysis after the game. i used to shit on my friends in 5th grade. i suck ass at chess. what rank r u now. freelo. he knows im jsut beter. this guy ff on turn 3. on the app. o. or another site. on chess.com?. im playing on my phone. chess dot com?. hop on sir. my other discord server also started playing chess . Y’all wanna become chess gms?. but same i'd be fine with just being at FAANG. If i was working at amazon rn i wouldnt even be thinking about school. BUT hes currently working as a software engineer at amazon. But he said he got a 2.5gpa. One guy in r/gradadmissions wants to go into data science. Deebo streaming cod rn lmfao. Dylan? Is that you?. delete that.... now!. what the. I bet he ignores it completely. You should send that to him. Throwback screenshot. It’s fucked. Purdy gotta get tommy john. idk where tho. i only have time for lunch probably. I’ll let u guys know tonight idk if i have plans yet. Would rather you lie and just say you didn’t see it. lolll i saw it but totally blanked out and forgot to respond. You completely ignored my message yesterday. @cum lord do you wanna get lunch on Sunday. I thought his mccaffrey tweet was just supporting another superstar but hes actually a fan of the team. I think that was academy. He keep saying the n word. I’m trying to sleep and this fucking homeless dude is near my window rambling some racist shit. Whatever. But it says week3 1.30 monday. So weird but yea probably re run. this is the next time they play. i think its a rerun. Unless its a rerun. Think so. are they playing again?. asclepius is a greek deity associated with healing and medicine. bc it has one snake instead of 2. oh sorry that's the rod of asclepius. snakes are symbolic of medicine. hermes carried it. that's the cadueus. Idk what that is. can my lover come. if so im free to. is that the 5th?. Don’t know my availability yet. #thisisamerica. they dont wanna see a white man prosper. nfl literally rigged it. this superbowl will be the first one to have two black quarterbacks. na its russel wilson revenge arc. kyler murray next goat?. baseball background op. mahomes plot armor. who wins. hurts dead shoulder vs mahomes bum ankle. love to see it. 2 cripples playing in the superbowl. they panned the camera on him like 4 times and dude is just sitting there crying. lw feel bad for the guy. stupid penalty at the end of the game costed them. @cum lord thoughts on burrow taking fat L?. @Deleted User do you guys wanna have lunch on sunday. ill be in here in a sec. @cum herald im back but ima be eating adn watching the game. Locked in a champ you don’t even know. Maybe 1 sec?. I forget how long. It has to set. Wait 1 second then enter and it stuns?. Is it the moment i enter ekkos citcle that the stun goes off?. Just remove fortitude this shit is so dog. Holy fuck man. and im lw inting. these games are rough. yan stream some league. coffee art but with mayo?. he prolly ran out of creamer one day and put the first white thing he saw in there. its like cream. what in the absolute mayo hell did i just watch. BRO I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. Need that gig speed. and stays like that the rest of the game. once cece facetimes her parents across the world my ping for some ungodly reason spikes to 140 flat. i didnt know she would oneshot me outta her stopwatch. I fuckin insta stopwatched when I saw her go in on me. Yea that riven did dmg. also half these sleeps they die before even falling asleep. that riven ripped my asshole that last fight. in teamfights lmao. who tf im ulting. @cum king i literally know nothing about lilia. Oh gotta update I think. am i on wrong patch. game version mismatch?. Trexxon#NA1. the spirit blossom skin is pretty cool too. tho. i might buy it. Bitch. Ya but I was playing Kayn so i guess I counter by just ulting her ult. is lilia a power farmer. did u buy the irelia skimn. 4 if you do it through the app tho. It’s 5 bucks. Cause according to the app you have to pay for a card. i think so but lemme check. @cum herald did you have to pay for a lifetime membership card thingy?. Just ate her ass the entire game. I played a game against her. Ok Ima get the app so we can get on the waitlist the day of. Later tonight maybe. Cant rn :/. They sedated me. didnt u get ur wisdom tooth out today. May have to wait tho. Okay we can just do that. @cum herald when you went did you have a reservation?. im free all 22. We can try walkin or a different day. Ok well there’s no more reservations available. whos driving. I’ll make the thing for 5. So I’d allow about an hour if there’s traffic?. Drive to top golf from sf is about 48 mins according to google. you're off 4pm?. what time. If so I’ll reserve a bay. Ok so @cum queen @cum herald @cum lord @cum jester are y’all good with top golf next Tuesday. Reality is so disappointing. I wish . the fans are a little loud tho, just cuz they are on the bigger side but still not too bad. which rn really is just league lol. it does what i need it to do. its noice. screenshot????. HOLY THEY ADDED FROSTBOOTY IRELIA. And then next 2 I get leavers. 2 games in a row I get a duo bot that is basically insta lose. Ill plY later tonight if u wanna. Na but he wins games he got the X factor. He said to compare stats. This guy added me cause I flamed him. Lilia out in wildrifr. Hows ur computer. Sounds good. thats fine with me. @Deleted User well if we wanna do top golf next Tuesday we can have lunch with yan after 12, then head to top golf later at 4 with Aaron. Sry just saw this and am going to sleep. Bro flaming his own pick??. And theyre okder. Trea and xander too. I think. Judge going into his 40s too. They’re gonna be paying him in his 40s. This dude is 28. Bro 13 years what the fuck. But they’d get a lot better. No I said tickets would cost more if they got judge. i thought u didnt want judge. I wanted judge. Idgaf about Correa tho. 13 years 350. Not home rn. Will they be open on the 24th?. I am fine going top golf with you guys next time. so it's either golf without yan. yan has work after his final. Next tuesday?. like more than double. Or we pay a much higher price. The issue with top golf is that yan can’t make it. Top. If majority doesn’t prefer ice skating. I’m fine with whatever. Icephobia. What does that even mean. How tf are you afraid of ice. yea but falling down as a 20+ y/o is pain and torture. Id be down tho. Im afraid of ice. It’s not that hard. or 5. i havent ice skated since i was 4. Just bring your own skates. tf that's dirt cheap kek. Oh rental is 5 more. including rental?. how much is ice skating. Bruh top golf ain’t cheap either tf. we could but p expensive. if we're going to yerba buena. ice skating then bowling? O_O. i suck less dick at golfing. Yes but that’s what makes it fun. @Deleted User thoughts on ice skating?. they're funny bc sometimes they cum without any stimulation to their actual penis. u ever see those videos where the dude is caged up and instead of fucking the woman they use a dildo strapped to their pelvis. was getting a little concerned about what was going up that hole. thank you for clarifying. And yes I’m talking about my penis. Fit in your ass. ice skating is a lot easier to fit in. so taking another day off would be a bad look. i already took 2 days off for the flu and this month is a short month in terms of work days. yes, but no. Or we could go ice skating????. You can’t ask for 1 day off?. I haven’t come up with a new facial expression yet. Honestly not bad. i need a bereal emote. Kinda hard to fit me into plans on weekdays. Just go without me. Wait @cum pedophile do you have work later that day?. i can just make a new imessage thing. u and him plan it and i come. no i dont have any way to msg him lol. ansel when we drinking with jun. correct i should be free. im free next tuesday. Yan off at 12. Aaron off at 4. @Deleted User so who isn’t free Tuesday next week?. perfect time to play wildrift. I’m on the shitter. The second player who has 65% wr does. Does the top player use ghost?. Also take heal on jinx you maniac. ngl that first fight in lane i forgot i had exhaust. Fuck no that role sucks cock. both times olaf and irelia engage entire team is so far. they take turns running it down 1v5. i couldnt follow cus they came in from the sidew. also i see the font difference now. going 9-7 this game again. The audacity of this mf. Fuck you guys I’m not hanging out with y’all. i just have a slight sore throat. We can hangout in the metaverse. turns out i cant do tmrw. this is sounding like a fat F. Im also gone 26th. i leave for irvine on the 26/27. or we go without yan. U guys can go without me if its too inconvenient. before then, the rest of us can get lunch or something. But before that I am still working every weekday. I have break the last week of December. and you're free after final? or do u go to work after dat. Next Tuesday I have final until 12. And I can still make it back on time for work. We go at 9/10. @cum pedophile stop that come play golf. Still staring at the kids in a predatory manner. Yan bitchass still working like some corporate whore. nah we goin tmrw right @Deleted User. Tmr is giga short notice. tmrw? prob around 11am. Answer my fucking question. I need streamers connections. Stop being horny fucker. Hyoon like the ohoto. Famous uc davis streamer?. What time are you guys available. Wat time. hey betch . at some place harry said i forgot which. then there's tendie tuesdays i think too. down for top golf lul. how much is it usually. Just call in sick. Fuck y’all work. @cum pedophile @cum jester @cum herald @cum queen @cum lord bro top golf is 50 bucks on Tuesdays. Or days offChristmas week for those that work?. @cum jester @cum lord @cum herald @cum queen @cum pedophile y’all free next weekend?. See I fuckin knew it. bro the discord font is so gross LMAO. look at my discord christmas drip. where does he live. @cum herald. do u know where he lives. the answer should be no one right. also who drives tho. alcohol solves everything kekw. i'm gonna be jetlagged asf tho. yea i'm free whenever. how'd he contact u. when r u and jun free for drinking lul. cleavage buff. Bro. @cum queen are you free on weekends?. you're gonna love this sticker i put on my iphone. they also ran out of tokyo banana. 2h30m layover at LAX. what time is it in japan. there's airplane maintenance so the boarding time is indefinitely extended till further notice. @cum jester when is your flight. i think. idk when ppl are available. we can shop at serramonte after or smth. idk im just throwing out an idea. when?. @cum lord @cum queen @cum jester yall want chick fil a. Fucking face planted. Dont even know what to say. that one flash. Blitz sniped me so many times when i tried to pop off. that shouldve been over. idk how you guys won that fight. somehow our fucking annie comes up clutch. And i wish morgana would black shield me once. This yi. My lane went to shit so fast. what the fuck. we did not deserve to win that game. Hate this game. My fucking flash. Times like this i wish i bought that jinx skin. Someone else actually wanted to jg. ill play 1 more if you want. Ult and flash on top of veigar. I wanted to kill that fiora. I do that sometimes. yeah its fun as fuck honestly. I love olaf i can turn my brain off. these players just have no idea what theyre doing. i wanted to play brand here. i kinda spaced out watching yt vids in champ select. lmfao the last two games. I got it just in time. I was kinda ahead early mid but gwen still felt more useful cus of her circle. i recognize his name for sure. and flamed him. pretty sure i had that blitz in a different game. I should buy zhonias earlier in my build i feel. i wanted it to be so bad. Other samira chinese characters. bc i play club league. answer me that. why in the ever loving fuck would i meet your request after you betrayed me. im about to go out. @cum jester do you wanna play fall guys. Ppl posting ab it in subreddit. Instead of 135%. And sometimes theres a bug where u gain 200% gold. I think its like u dont last hit unless u have charges. what champs. We have to try it. Also double relic shield is op. I joined and no one was saying anything. im joining the vc. Yea all the turkish people hate bts for some reason. Ain’t no way it’s gonna be civil if you reopen the text channels. I read the top 20 highest upvoted posts of all time im ready to hit legendary rank. packer prolly grabbed closes box. why it so big for one bottle. @cum pedophile bro look at the box. He prob lets the bots take over the other 2 players. and we dont have 30 alts. If he can do it by himself whats stopping us. idk those china players scary. had enough ranked fortitude to eat the losses. Tryna go pro so i can quit everything and live off of wildrift money. tbh i dont think i lost a single mark today tho. Its so weird. he becomes depressed. so that he is so mentally boomed. i wish there was some way to show him how dogshit he is. Yea he did nothing. whats the most annoying is that trynd actualy thinks hes good. so theyre basically thes ame rank. How did he lose to a plat. How did we even queue with plat. How this matchmaking works is beyond me. After 2 teams full of inters. I thought we would coin flip a winning team. what the fuck. bruh trynd and annie are duo. Idk how it works running relic on damged. They had a lot of money lol. the senna sera ran the double sup items. Harry literally better than these dudes. How do u coinflip 3 shit teams in a row. @cum lord anti heal pls. thats 3 straight wins. We have to. Play until u hit master. aight ill play 1 more lol. How far r u from master. Actually ill keep playing. idk what happened. wouldve had first blood easy if that hit. and he was in my fuckin face. i literally auto aimed it. how the fuck did my q miss man. on that lv 1 fight before minions. yeah idk these players are still not good. These games r so inty. Thats pretty good lol. these dms from btsfanclub are so funny man. def did not know how to play the champ. That one fight we won. we win this game. if our gwen was more confident. How did we win some fights. this veigar an actual cockscuker man. Ok ready. yeah lmfao i was like fuck it ima limit test with the raka healing. I thiught u died cus i couldnt see ur model. mf ult in the middle of 3. That was so funny. emergency awesome should hire me. on the top left "hoe" is a reference to..... theres an easter egg in this pic. Apparently karma is op. i am ready to game. You can have this grape pic. send us pics when ur back. i have literally no food. i gotta grocery shop. tonight?. what am i watching. its worth. we gotta triple tank on every hotzone map. zz shouldve picked shelly or smth. the forbidden ashe pick. yeah i hate that shit. the fucking trophy road ending animation. ready. i thought they were leashing. facecheck as enchanter. i got so cucked in lane. i hate this game. lmfao my greatest flash ever. also weird that they wanna claim credit for this when they didnt even take covid serious. and that saved us. ig they mean since it was mostly transmitted through gay sex, the community as a whole decided to have less sex. or did they link an article and agrees with it. did she they lgbtq is responsible. and you be having sex anyway???. like it doesnt affect everyone?. just found it funny that they be saying theyre responsible. so yeah sex probably counts. according to the cdc it spreads through close contact. a gay scientist found a cure and the entire lgbtq community gets praise. holy shit. they found the cure. and the tweet said it was cause the lgbtq community did some shit. is monkeypox a std?. cause the article title said monkeypox cases were going down and people werent sure why. some tweet went viral in response to an article title. why is it their ocmmunity. what does that even mean. i forgot monkey pox is a thing. some shit about abstaining from sex. also bronte posted some shit on instagram about how the lgtbq community was responsible for the low cases of monkeypox. i dont wanna play the double relic or whatever. aight. opponents were a triple stack in highest club leageu. Im here too. @cum pedophile wait how much was the conditioner?. my discord sub expired. we lost two soldiers in @cum queen and @cum genshinerhonkaier. at this point we're just doing it for ticket participation lmao. i have to solo on one acct right?. are u avail tmrw before 2pm or do u have class. think aaron got off for da night. are we playing. bro honestly. I need some fun mobile game recommendations yan. Its cus u dont have smn clan tag buff. i need a training arc and get good. my picks were so dooky. we gotta pick triple healing comp. sigh shouldve gone with the griff pick. easy 3-0 still won gg. cant without giga dash its ok. didnt realize he was invis. yea i cant get pass the leon. and you were on the right. i saw them cluster on the left. bruh why did u pass it to me. im just trying to get my wifi to work. keeps spamming emojis and shit. bruh this fucking xfinity agent is so cringe man. the 3-0 dream. its over. i got countered. 6 tickets yea. o. it's 3 today. fml choking hard. and my lord does he do dmg. also i played against a few sams. ngl i wanted to pick piper but couldnt find her. and bomb it open. we have 3. so who can play rn. i will soon not be ready. can play. racist or smth idk. this damn wifi still is acting up. gl with it. i might reopen general in bts so if u guys wanna leave feel free lol. Is it clubber time. Turn off server dms from that server. are they from btscord. with roblox character profile pics. bruh who are these people fricken dming me. @cum king make sure u listen to the end lmfao. we need the comms. @cum lord wanna vc. but in pc the relic shield was only good on melee. actually tbh im not sure. oh but if i run tank im suppose to relic?. but if your playing sera then no relic shield. or should i run a tank. what if i go seraphone. but you have to lasthit. idk tho the ppl the dude was facing in the game were kinda shit ngl. idk who to pair with tho. then u run the sickle right. i think shes prolly best. which champs. sure who. but im a skeptic ngl. we can try it lmao. aight im watching. hellsdevil on youtube. is there vids?. what champs. @cum king apparently double relic shield bit lane is op. Thought one of u guys was gonna screen share it. nope u have to have disney plus. U guys watching it in discord screen share?. we are gonna watch thor cock and ball torture. Yea heals r insane. no way should i have live. bruh that gank. aight thats enough. bet ur the hottest of the group. are ur housemates hot. @cum lord i unequipped my skin we are gonna lose. how bad can it e. okay lets just play. it blacklisted my phone. Maybe it’s just the router. Its holding back ur wildrift career. Get ur own. 1905 anderson rd, apt 255. is the conditioner u linked good. My internet is fucked. I LITERALLY CANT WHORE. This is what I get for going for free shit. This shit gay af. BRO IT FUCKIGN DIED AGAIN. Tag me when ready to game. send me the links and address. some shower curtain rings and hair conditioner pwease. yeah it worked for my fuckin laptop. what do you need?. I thiught it worked in ur photo. like im literally copy pasting the password. While conmecting. for chinese hw help right?. im talking to a girl from my chinese class. CLEAN. @cum lord hes here. play on data u clown. So she has 3 other housemates. Im at ceces house and its shared wifi. both my teammates. you were just standing next to the safe for like 5 seconds. holy shit. sucks cock. Im on tho. i will be disbanding the club. i didnt get the @ and i replied quicker. you know what nvm. Im boycotting. Lcs is a rigged league. just dont want you to get the wrong idea. i hate you just say ty. and a few other pauses in between. welcome back yan. 2 hour pause in between game 2 and 3. What the actual fuck. How is tsm eg still playing. queen of hearts . why is this so loud. at this current moment you are not napping so it cannot be 9:39 . Has every bo5 gone 5?. #tsmwin. yea cocky. he's our favorite slut tho. i hate that guy tho. any wild rifters. he can play with himself.. that surge ate our asses!. IM HOLDIN THE BALL HOW AM I GONNA THROW STUFF. U WALKIN INTO A SHOTGUN. U GOT HIT BY ALL 3 CARDS. walk to the side n hit her. team gap fr.. sounds like you already do know how to play sprout. me throw. i play later. idk how to play sprout. probably playing valorant smh. thanks. thanks. i dont game that often. catching up with my sister rn but yea i can game. rdy in 8ish. give me a few. im ready. im in class. give me a few. ok im here again. im ready. @Deleted User club league. sunday should be good for me. does sunday work for everyone. nvm im going to bed. when kenny responds. I been plat since game released. Bubble hard too. non factor in a plat game. I think lee sin level. Its too hard. but whatever ig. really not. Mechanics too hard. and adjusted to my mistakes. Im not gamer enough to first time someone that insane. if i recall we won that game. I recall u missing hella last time u played him. and has execute indicator. its ;literally not. youre retarded. Pike ult hard asf to hit. fucking autists populate this elo. I also have no idea wtf pyke does. The draven ban. and limit testing. Jana is free. so cursed. and the 1 game not was you on draven. 4 games my bot lane has gotten completely rolled. played 5 ranked games. I died to some random ori ball. Ill play 1 more. Was literally waiting to cs them and i had to fight for last hits. He fucking zap auto’d minions. I was fighting for cs. this elo truly different. I saw him hovering lulu and left came back and i had a jinx. Why he pick jinx. Lmk when ur done @cum king. Theyre winnjng the chip. Holy guacamole. aint no way they win again. Going to Vegas. I am placing all my money on them. Mets beat dodgers again. im eating. ill be back in 20. Im actually so sad tl won. kenneth i will play in like 10mins. let me find another one for you. I called it. @cum lord crying rn. Fuck here comes the reverse sweep. Phreak got the tl dick down his throat. Makes me so horny. I love watching tl lose. Took 90% of lulu’s hp. How does zeri W literally almost one shot the lulu. theyre like g2 with rekkles. Holy shit. But that was the second hook he missed that was on a straight walking aatrox. i feel like they still dont have enough damage. even if he lands that hook does it even change anything?. tbh. Missed 2 easy hooks. Tl is gonna lose. Can you get me a suckeesuckee6969 one. how much is a ticket to worlds?. Gonna wear it to worlds. Thoughts?. #CLGWin. Gotta support my country. Aight I’m done with wr. Gg they’re losing. the finals rn?. Wait USA is playing rn?. good thing i rejected the surrender. can't talk since my mom's in a meeting. these losers. Lethality for q. or is lethality varus more. is ap varus more dmg on the Q?. ill buy support item. was funny that game. Nvm I do not own seraphine. lemme finish this game. It’s genius. Yo and then I play seraphine. @cum king ap support mf. was pretty good. 40 hours. lmao they did a piece on sf chili house. is top golf this fri or next fri. yea me too. ive had enough. aight. immediately. not troll out of shop. and now less gold no starting item. and sold it cus ur senna. @cum king i bought the supp item. naut just walked into our jg and r'd me. ppl just do nothing. so i auto bought amp tone. i hate this game. you literalyl typed a message like right after. why. to him. hes gonna come to our lane. say something. this lux is stealing your posiions. blitz banned too. ima play blitz this game. lemme put clothes in dryer. our team was so good. what a game. they just dont fight. this ashe vex. wtf are these ppl doig. i didnt know i was picking. thursday. whens ur last finals. Oh shit I forgot. Just took a sus final. I’m on the bus. bunch of bot accounts put some scam link. what happened. bunch of scammers. damn what happened to the gwhs page. but his ult is kinda crazy 1v1. he is weak early. i thought nasus was weak early. the 31st. I can do either one, already gave a heads up to work. This or next?. Which Friday are we doing. 1 item jax and i lose 1v1 vs nasus by 25% hp when he hasnt built his first item. Hes so strong in wr. Is nasus suppose to he stronger in lane vs jax. so they were going around stonestown beating on random people. apparently there were multiple attacks by the same group of kids. for why. Wtf going on. Yea u never know if baiting or theyre just dumb. And then they goon squaded us hard. Eh it’s a plat game. Honestly should’ve known the first one was coming. They fucking 3/4 man ganked us like 3 times. And then I saw she had more gold than me. I didnt know they patched it lol. I swear I was fucking the Samira. That makes sense. Since u had sickle too. I bought support shield first item so our things didnt proc. I didnt know. They changed it so u dont get support item if u got two ppl on it. I didn’t realize how shit our jarvan was lol. Kaisa so hard with no reliable cc to spread plasma. No I was just asking. Ill play 1 more. I need to know for sure tho. Is this Friday the day we want? If so then I’ll try to ask for this Friday to be off. @cum lord here. But not next Friday?. @cum lord I will be on in a sec. Fk them kids. WHATT THA HECK. Working full day Friday. i think i could make that. we could do this friday. @Deleted Userdo we wanna do this friday. How long. or we can be done. so i can play when iget back. and i might get kicked out in 13 minutes. @cum lord im in the study room rn. actually. nah it was evelynn. Warwick yi and olaf. In chat. Who broadcasts their mains. This garen cringe. the auto range gets fucking crazy. I saw u shit on the tf. yea no attack speed on yone is not great. i was so fed. we will be unkillable. im the best player in the world. yea ofc. yea you can play whatever. Redownlaoded a week ago. are you still gamoing. we winning for sure. but you have to farm. i can play tank senna. nvm i have no money on this account. what if i play ap ezreal. that sounds awful. Play draven but no axes. but shes fun. also i feel like im not that good at her rn. Shes not as strong as pc. she stands still for so long when autoing. this champ is weird. I can play 1 more. were just better anyway. Blitzcrank good with zeri?. idk how this champ works but i think shes omega busted. Coming. Rushed tri force. @cum lord you playing another after?. no link to tweet bc acc got suspended lmao. so it might be fine. you know tbh. @cum herald when will you know your work schedule. More likely that everyone will be available. yea presumably. R we hanging out on a weekend? @Deleted User. Just win. Nukeduck coach diff?. it too late now. o. not tonight :(. chat. the. "theres nothing quite like fisting your opponents on stage and seeing their depressed face". his edits are hilarious. with pictures of the team. 100t esports twitter tweeted about it too. yea pretty funny. lmfao at the subreddit calling out the dude who said he would shove pics of the 100t players up his ass if they finished the split 5-0. then paint ourselves yellow and wear goggles and denim overalls. wanna shave our heads together. but it'll be funny. I refuse to walk around looking like fucking clones. Y’all get it if you want it. Bruh I never said I was getting a perm with anyone. thought we was gettin permy together as a trio. where r our perms. @cum king when r we getting perms lul. @cum king did nick go to irvine?. o im in ow2 sadge. do you want to play. @cum herald. stop ghosting me bitch. I can switch account. @cum lord we playin?. on my gold 1 account. urgot is just not that fun to play. idk what i expected. im gonna first time it in ranked. I gtg aftwr this thi. In a game. i wanna see this urgot in action. @cum lord wr?. this shit is wild. wtf is lcs. Mets fans on suicide watch. Hes so high res in the game im so used to seeing him in pixels. verlander and scherzer are gonna show age this year too. new fapping material. actually cursde. They added urgot to wildrift. Out for the year. Mets are such a cursed org. Bruh Edwin Diaz hurt himself celebrating.  Successfully uploaded 1/1 emojis Your static emoji slots are full so I can't add these emojis. With Premium, I can fill your animated slots automatically with static emotes, for only $1! Click here: > 0 static emoji slots left.  Successfully uploaded 0/1 emojis Your static emoji slots are full so I can't add these emojis. With Premium, I can fill your animated slots automatically with static emotes, for only $1! Click here:  These emojis failed: > Sadge: The server has reached the max number of emojis, delete some to add more. i needda find a higher res sadge. so far i have linus nathan and 3 others. we asking more ppl rn too. and 4 of my friends going too. Who’s the squad. its 40 rn. Cash cash my fav. Bro yes I love cash cash. @cum goodnight wanna go cash cash at temple sat the 25 LOL. u have to rent your own booth tho LOL. See y’all at top golf . LOL knew it. so that was joyce in the prom picture LUL. idk if kenny is working that day tho @cum queen. since aaron mui cant go mid day on weekdays (work) and harry iffy about his work schedule. let's go saturday then. I’m fine with wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday. For top golf I’d prefer the mid day slot, 2-5pm is a good time to golf. at least u know what u r. @cum goodnight. $67/hour on m/w/th $75/hour on f/sat/sun. honestly weekend is pretty comparable as well so whatever. prices are still reasonable. @Deleted User we can also do monday wednesday thursday of the same week. would prefer a tuesday since they are half price. hop in boys. its a dinner. or do you have a full-day ordeal. can you do later in the day on the 28th?. i can do any other day of the week of the 28th. yea something did come up. Officially an A’s fan. Im fucking done. Bro. That i had to experience. This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me. Im jumping off the coke slide. No fucking way. WHAT THE FUCK LMFAO. @everyone. Click this link to add as friend in Clash Royale!. i can only play a few games a day. the game is boring tho. holy fuck that game is dogshit. i fucking played brawlstars yesterday. starting from scratch cuz its been a while since i last did any accounting. o. nah literally accounting 1 lol. and honestly covered some material that davis didnt cover. is this like government accounting. some things they teach different from davis a. u got this. accounting. what class. i am waking up at 8am to study more. it aint even early. @cum pedophile bro your final is at 10:30. idk how to do it. what number throw is it. i didnt watch thatr vid. idek which one ur talking about. go film yourself rn. i can do that. wtf the kick one kinda crazy. watch all his tutorials. whatever just fail. we would get shit on so hard. i have a final tmr morning. we should form an ultimate frisbee team. why. where do you even come up with this stuff???/. go back to your feces lollipop. shut the fuck you up you shit licker. also i swear ow2 just came out and its already season 2. tmr giants press conference announcing correa. @Deleted User 1:30pm at Pho Huong Viet sound good for everyone?. ok this way i get to see yan win win. @Deleted User i dont think i can make top golf but ill grab lunch with you guys. Ah that’s hot. I'M GONNA PUT U IN A STEW!. Nah won’t be going top golf. At most we spend an hour to an hour and a half eating. We can get food closer to when I work, so you guys can go immediate after. 3:30-5:30 is when I work. Im kind afraid of getting stuck in traffic. O yan gets off around that time too?. If u guys come back for dinner to sf ill eat with u guys. Srsly tho u guys can go after lunch. That was as a joke. didnt u want ice cream when it's cold asf. It’s gonna be hot as fuck tmr. It’s nice for a cold day. What’s your obsession with noodle soup. You know what else is long. U guys can just go dont have to wait for me then. Unless someone knows/finds a ramen spot as an alternative. then idk what we're doing--just chilling till top golf post 4pm. 1:15/30 @ that pho place at geary. @Deleted User after lunch r u guys gonna wait until 4?. can i get a tldr of the lunch plans. but i wanna eat the stew so i'm also good with it. this place made my bones hurt. See whether this place is truly aight or not. Time to test Harry’s tastebuds. Then I’m fine with the other place as well. Has to be a conspiracy. Bro what the fuck is up with tuesdays. The one that Harry has been to is. That place is not open tmr. If we’re all cool with it. I’m fine with this place. see u then babe. hope you barely pass. yeah whatever. Aka didn’t read the times properly. I’m just finding out today too. zzzz giving us false info and then holding until the day before to tell us. ah ok a little later than 1 then. Uhhh imma be late if it’s at 1. think so. At 1 for sure tho right. every good place closed on tuesday. I might be able to make it. My q definitely does tho. i dont even think your auto kills him without the shield. ima be honest. Should build serpents fang. Actually rigged. Mf gained like 500 hp shield. I was out. Not there yet. the bar under his hp. From his. The shield was. you saw him at 25% and flash autod him thinking you had lethal?. bitch what. I sont rhonk thats the shield that saved him. it shields way earlier than that. aint no way that procd when he was 1 auto left. When low. Idk but it gives a small shield. it protects u from the gays. He had the shield rune too. fuck you you dont even know yas shield. no one knows shit even in diamond. if this dumb whore didnt walk into every q and heal her for all her hp. too bad we had a fucking women moment. And this dude plays it . I literally just watched a content creator post nasus ap support op bid. Even without yuumi she 2v1 that lane lmao. Trist was way ahead of draven. and nothing happens on the other side. got fucking 3 manned and lost my tower 5 minutes in. But he had some shield. I thought i was an auto away. you flashed when he had q3. Flashed under tower to kill him. ok im not playing with you. tuco snorting the meth and then ramsay's look of confusion is so funny. The editing rly good lmao. watch it. What is that lol. have you seen this tho. and we always felt like eating rice lmao. too busy eating pork, beef, fish. how could u forget ramen in japan. @cum pedophile ask the preschool children for recommendations. i forgot to eat ramen when i was in japan again. No ramen right?. Oh, let me find another spot then. plus i thought aaron wasnt a big fan of pho. harry said second was was aiiight. What is up with closing on Tuesday smh. Scratch that, only the second one is open tmr. Either one, they’re a block away from each other. were not playing tool up r we. aight then you driving yourself. I have to drive to berkeley after tho. @ me when we play tools up. Rather than 2 cars. Or we can just pick you up after you’re off. @cum herald. the one in san jose?. Which one is it. Litty in the titty. we're just gonna get lunch then kill time until then. we're gonna go top golf after you're off work. My lunch break is 1 hr. So if i do get lunch then no top golf?. if you're not getting lunch with us, then yes. @Deleted User are we meeting at top golf tuesday?. with my food. bc we're all not available rn. what about after dat. do we have the full party?. @ us when you're ready. so theres more i think. i also have the dlcs tho. im down when we running it. how many lvls left. should we . what about it. yea that one. was it tools up or smth?. game name pls for construction. bro kenny owns the game ask him. that we played with kenny. what was the construction game. and the candid shots of the location (very intentionally shaky) have good composition. yea the brief breaks are nice. the 5 second clips of him eating the dish after they did is what makes the video. is adam the camera guy. adam carries forreal tho. youre just a steven hater. i still watched it in its entirety. i mean i have very little intention of ever visiting these places but the videos are still nice to watch. was gonna say we're never gonna go to south carolina. Sub $50 for the most expensive. Wait actually tho. the white guy is kinda funny. like the most expensive one is still reasonable. i like that the dishes arent obnoxious prices. bc comedy duos consist of the straight man and the joker guy. yea i was gonna say "or find a funnier guy". steven is this emote. Thank you for your understanding, Yan, and for not immediately rejecting my opinions of the show.. their back and forth make it much more charming. nah steven is key to the show. It is consistent with your opinions on the show. It’s ok. oh is he. He’s Chinese right?. idk their names. he started the show. the asian guy. white guy only show please. the korean guy. ye production quality up. these new worth it episodes are really good. @cum herald i take it back. nah i dont think so. @cum queen did i play this with you. for lunch?. I meant where everyone is in terms of call. wtf you talking about. and i responded immediately after?. I have at’d you. do you expect me to just watch the chat in anticipation. im playing valorant xd. join call first. ur moms house. @cum king @cum herald where we at?. Forgot I had some stuff I still needed to do. hop in call slut. whats the point. itll be me and my friend phil. I’ll be on at 9. with zjeof002???. making plans with jun is kinda hit or miss. r we still drinking with jun. @cum pedophile hop on. wait really?. Shit panther was 2 hours 40. u mean over the course of 3 months. might watch it in 3 months. 3 hour long movie. Wait wrong emote I meant. Not on computer. I could see it. I’ll play a quick one now if you want. I was costcoing. @cum king wanna play wildrift. Lunch with yan. or are we only meeting at top golf. what about before that. so we're just doing walk in on tuesday?. This dude “plays above his rank”. Shocker who wins holy fuck. Dis what my assh0l3 looks like. My ass looks about the same. that shit tight. Shit is fat. I like the icey animations. This skin is cool. Sexy. Frost booty. But whatever she’s broken as shit. Dont even own him. Well hes free this week actually lol. And only other ap jg ekko. refs willing the warriors back into the game. nah they havent had warriors games for a while. I swear knbr used to do warriors game. Is it only playoffs?. something like that. i think radio station is 95.7 FM?. Does knbr not do warriors playoffs?. I bet half of them were warriors fans before this season. booing every call that doesnt go their way. ok ngl these kings fans are kinda cringe. this malik monk motherfucker. Warriors getting cooked. start crying on the air. lmfao whats the host supposed to do. Doesnt care enough smh. Called him a fake fan. Ur just broadcasting and making excuses and then ur gonna prob party in south beach. so many turnovers by both teams. this game is ugly. wtf is going on. giants suck and youre ugly btw. He kinda personally attacked the host too lmao. dogshit team and dogshit org. facts. Some guy called in talked so much shit and said the show host who is also the broadcaster that hes making too many excuses for the giants and hung up. they win??. Giants post game show. Driving rn and knbr not doing warriors play by play. its on my second monitor. there is a game to be watched. @cum herald why the FUCK are you playing valorant. In class rn. ur mom's house. FUCK THE SUNS. Aight I’ll watch on YouTube I guess. Bro what the. but apparently it was just ||yoshi hatching in brooklyn|| so whatever. @cum queen @cum herald @cum pedophile bruh there was a post-post credit scene. telling me harrison barnes can hit a 3 against us but solo loses the 2016 finals. sabonis is actually trolling htis game. this dude deaaron fox is a bad man tho. fire. fire. how was the movie. yea boys we need the same addresss. normalize being on time. unless harry left his phone at home. kenny's about to overtake harry's immense head start. i feel like i'm watching an f1 race. so i will be too. srry the other two are late. i'll walk around i guess. the other two havent moved yet xd. i get to jtown around 1045. i'll just go to japan town since my mom is dropping me off. naw just left my house. if u come earlier than that u may be stranded until then. im setting my alarm to 10 am. if u guys see this msg. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna watch the mario movie. i just bought the ones that you circled. i was referring to the seats right by the screen. maybe here. or did you mean the back. 4th row?. i wanna burn the picture of bowser's feet into my retinas. white are occupied. they said open 1030/11. Also is parking around your place residential or 2hr. are stalls even open then. earlier for jtown is better. and we get to jtown 1030?. im down for 1130 tbh. o. @cum herald. discuss it with harry. either works for me. its up to you guys. yea we can eat in 30. they have 11:30 and 2. you want to watch the movie there instead?. i thought there was a theatre near j town. if so then yes. is the theatre near japantown regal. then we go 12:20. without aaron. the only showings are 12:20 and 1:10. then orgy. Then movie. Grab food at the fair. so we watch the movie before the fair?. assuming everyone's on time. so maybe we watch da movie ~12:30pm?. harry wanted to go earlier so we can eat without much of a crowd (festival happening and all dat). what time do you guys want to go?. we get the tickets for the movie already?. i go to harry's house 10:30. What time are we meeting tmr and where?. and ||there is no father in the picture||. it's mother and daughter competing for the affection of the father. oedipus complex but for women. what is an electra complex. nvm electra complex is not that. but also pedophilic at the same time yes. slightly pedophilic. thoughts. Ill watch it tonight. U WATCHED THE ENTIRE THING????. might look at it. i knew about the manga but never got to reading it. @cum lord idol anime's pretty good from ep1. Thats a goodone. I'm a new player     and I keep seeing  people    teleporting  to spawn    to heal    , how do I do that   so I don't have to run   ?. Oh my god  thank you  , I don't  have to run   to base   every time   my health   is low    anymore, it's was  such a chore  . There's a blue  teleport  button  on the bottom left   of the screen  . Tap  and wait  a few moments  .. I'm a new player     and I keep seeing  people    teleporting  to spawn    to heal    , how do I do that   so I don't have to run   ?. Sorry. @everyone. extra 48k to your salary it's so free. 4k a month. that's like. I completely misread that. Extremely misinformed. Think I got 1000 a week. Who the fuck does she think I am. Its like red buff charmed my entire team. Swear to god whenever u ace in this game ppl get so mesmerized by krugs and jungle camps instead of the nexus. So we could never siege or end. And no one wanted to do baron with me. Played rammus and we aced twice past 20 mins. Just lost to a triple ad comp with ad jungler even tho we were up 20 kills. @cum king guess how many bot games . Eh nothing rly happened. how is it so far. actually i watch on my own. Next level hating. I watched 20 mins. the first ep of that idol show is 1hr 22 mins long. heard this was fire. Watch party?. When a pregnant young starlet appears in Gorou Amemiya’s countryside medical clinic, the doctor takes it upon himself to safely (and secretly) deliver Ai Hoshino’s child so she can make a scandal-free return to the stage. But no good deed goes unpunished, and on the eve of her delivery, he finds himself slain at the hands of Ai’s deluded stalker — and subsequently reborn as Ai’s child, Aquamarine Hoshino! The glitz and glamor of showbiz hide the dark underbelly of the entertainment industry, threatening to dull the shine of his favorite star. Can he help his new mother rise to the top of the charts? And what will he do when unthinkable disaster strikes?. Wtf is this new show. or lelouch. what the. @cum jester mahjong soul is doing a code geass colab. And act like theyre shocked. They still gonna include it in their vid. pretend they dont exist. just gonna walk past them. yea fr. I hope i never get approached by one of those ppl. some girl said it to one of those random dudes who goes up to ppl with a mic. I just saw it on twitter. im not falling for that. lmfao yall fucked up just gonna poach yan from his curent plan like that. with u, cost is split 5 ways. @cum lord were u interested in joining the spotify plan btw. u already know lmao. thanks for dropping us off harry's dad. before it gets super busy get food then watch movie. go around 11 or 1130. can we go early to get food first. Not trynna park with cherry blossom going on. Honestly about to just bus there. then*. so i typed shops instead of shots. kk we can do that the.. gdi harry made me read shops. It is. while i rail ur mom. stray cum shops. idk if they closed down or not. ill check if jtown theatre is still up. Catching strays. yans a thot. @cum herald @cum queen thoughts?. prob eat first?. there's a theatre nearby too. parking is gonna be a bitch tho. We trynna check out the cherry blossom festival on Saturday?. i dont see any mention of playlists but we can just share or something idk. think it's a family plan and then we split the cost. Do we get to share playlists cus i wanna listen to whatever yan is listening to. How does the plan work. we need one more for yan to hop on. 3 right now (you, me, aaron). wait how many peopple we got if we get the spotify plan. that alot of gas\. And you know they got 50 pending requests. Yea all these bitches that never accept friend invites. what if we all go to davis for picnic day and then watch the mario movie. Wont accept my friend request so i can flame him more. And i was right. Called him out for having a sub 50 wr still diamond hardstuck. Holy shit. Amd he said “its in every build”. I told him to read the passive. This mf built hullbreaker first item and hes saying group. This garen flaming me and he said just group. possibly. right @cum herald ?. Should be. when. yo momma is free. are you guys free saturday?. they have hot waifus. we can move over and become mobile legends bang bang players. pisses me off more than i even enjoy it. The last message is the dude telling me to fuck off. im about to punch a hole in my computer. i wasnt gonna run there and duo lane with u. and riven runs into. how did a ping lose u the lane. fucking autists. i was walking around not even 15 second in game. the fucking nami kill. which kill lol. dont come to my fucking lane. fuck this. and int a shutdown. and you take my fucking kill. aight. gl vs theschy. idk how these mf play riven jg. im not trying to be sexist. especially with senna farming. wtf its the fizz from earlier. like im 2-6 on the day. im not playing riven jg. my team is just worse. literally every game. this is so fucking pathetic. i got exhuasted 3times. i dont know wtf im doing. but i was just watching this vid. but ive never played riven jg. now its the. at least they stopped talking. i havent seen any mexican players lately. stick to your language fucker. and then some fucking chinese teemo tries to flame me in broken english. they calling me trash. im not even getting pinged by them. and this dude is ahrdstuck 2 tiers below. getting pinged by a 200 game hardstuck plat. my games too. are actually so bad. these randoms. this account is cursed now. lmk when ur done. why you on wild rift at the gym. Ill play in 1.5hr if ur still on. @cum king at the gym. Support 0-0-2 with 300 damage dealt. That game our ad went 0-1-0. Rookie and theshy. Wheres the kobe and shaq meme. My gym closes at 9 so gotta be quick. Sure I can play 1. Was only 2 games but still. @cum lord ever since I joined the uci guild my teams have been full of griefers. 62 might be the highest I’ve ever seen. According to this im the best emerald shen . Peaking masters with 49% wr is sick work. basically gifts ppl diamond for grinding. because this games ranked system is ASS. I win a couple games in a row and get queued with some retard named daniel. How is it possible to hit d1 with a 50% wr. Dogshit fuck on a 8 game loss streak. ppl saying hes smart for getting paid in the future. ur right. no its just no one willingly takes a pay cut from their actual worth in order to enlist more help. everyone acting like ohtani is a genius for coming up with this idea. biggest ring chaser in the history of sports. dodgers dont pay any interest on the deffered payments too. he not doing shit. manfred gonna laugh to the bank. godell wouldnt let this slide. yea manfred gotta do something. these ppl cannot be real. lmfao im reading twitter threads. please. hes our only hope. and caroll sons ohtani for the rest of his life. yea i hope they lose to the dbacks in the divional every year until he retires. most blatant ring chasing ive seen. i hope none of it pans out. dude is like when demarcus cousins went joining stacked teams. anyways fuck shohei ohtani. lw feel bad for zion theyre just fat shaming him on national tv. idk wtf it means but its funny. "his belly going one way and his behind going the other". shannon sharpe his other host. that was trying to blackmail him. that and that porn star he fucked. i feel like thats the only zion news i hear. what else is new lmfao. dude was cooking zion for being fat the other day. but no one wants to shittalk ohtani cause hes baseballs darling. or any super star in thhe nba. to go to a stacked team. if he took a vet min deal. but imagine the shit lebron would get. if this shit slides. the thing is not every player can make from endorsements, and teams in the future will 100% seek these kinds of deals. not cakewalk your way to rings. dont you want to at least prove youre the best. everyone saying its a good decision for ohtani cause he mkaes money from endorsements. warriors are a fucing turnover disaster class every game. yea fr. holy shit. thank fucking god the 49ers are good. they have the dodges dick shoved so far down their throats. somehow. but all the mlb journalists say him to LA is the best move for the sport. Literally blue jays would’ve been fun as fuck to watch. Bro could’ve made baseball popular but instead chooses to make it the most boring fucking league. But yea fuck ohtani for this. Depends who they spend their remaining money on. Now its just as bad. 0 postseason wins and now bro is allergic to competition. Imagine going from the face of the league to destroying the league. What 4 years on the angels does to a mf. turned him into this. i partly blame the angels for depriving him for so long. reddit is going crazy lmfao. prob dont know whats going on. but yea casual fans. 100% it will. But I feel like most casual fans don’t give a fuck. I wish this decision would damage ohtanis rep. Dude payed shit tons of luxury tax. Steven cohen crying rn. Thats why sasaki wants to be posted early. Wouldnt be surprised. Yamamoto and sasaki prob told shohei theyr join him. Pretty sure they’re gonna get Yamamoto at this point. Deadass dodgers r gonna go hard for soto next year. Like id get it if the dodgers were pushing hard for this but ohtani was just like “nah here u go”. No respect for this mf. Crazy that this was his idea. Turns out ohtani is a huge fucking baby. Ohtani can do this cus he can live off sponsorships alone. Leagues fucked I guess. Teams in the future will ask their players to do this shit or wont sign them. Wtf is the point if luxury tax. Just defer the entire contract and no pay him until dude fucking dies or something. no way this flies. Bad for the sport. theres no way. please step in manfred. lmfao this dude is so soft. Refund the fans. The fg came in the fourth too. @cum lord new defensive masterclass just dropped. Facts. Thats U. The account that initially leaked it is deleted. This is worse than arson judge. The billionaire on that sna to toronto plane is part of the same agency as ohtani ?. @Deleted User what time tmrw? 12? kenny's? or 1?. @cum king @cum queen game? whenever aaron's ready. holy shit you can send signals now look. new items. content update or bug fixes. wait theres an update for lethal. He wants soto next year. The fact that shohei himself insisted on deferrals to help dodgers is fucking crazy. Giants richest owner in the league btw. Still behind the dodgers who just spent 700 mil. Giants not even top3 is crazy. If kd joined lebron ad they wouldnt have said shit. Yea and the media wants this to happen in la. but deferrals so the dodgers can add even more help is crazy. im not even mad about the signing. even if this was a huge bitch move. Nah cause ppl love ohtani. National media better berate him like they did to kd. Ohtani crying for more help is crazy. Its ridiculous the dodgers can dodge luxury tax like this. lol i see your ig comment. Fuck this. Literally finals week. "Pitchers will also try to throw more strikes, especially the Madison Bumgarner-types who'll be salivating at the thought of Joe West possibly shooting someone they strike out.". Shohei strikes out first ab and the umpire just fucking assassinates him. We fucking need this rule ASAP. How funny would it be if it never changes. hes whoring out for clicks. Wtf is shams doing wrong sport buddy. Its just so cringe. Dodgers have to fucking do tax evasion just to win. 10mil/year over 70 years. Uhhh the gif is just something about waiting around. They can pay him 10mil over the course of 50 years. all contracts might as well be deferred at this rate. Like holy shit. Whats the point of luxury tax if u can just pull this shit. Dude literally. apparently mike fucking trout wasnt enough to even get you to the playoffs. what is this deferred contract bullshittery. then a comment goes “nah deferred contract means they get him too”. im reading a thread that says dodgers prob wont sign yamamoto after ohtanis fat contract. and nothing to show. every year. this fraud dave roberts has so much talent. cause at least doc won once. dave roberts is the doc rivers of the mlb. Holy shit. dave roberts masterclass incoming. apparently they need an entire pandemic to occur for them to win a world series . What more help do they need lmfao. yo deferrals should not be allowed wtf. That it copied. But theres a live action one. I think its a animated version. what the fuck is it. bruh i seen this chinese animation everywhere. That meme is funny idek wtf is going on. talk to me when you win a world series. Talk to me when u win the world series as a wildcard team. ohtani is mickey mouse now. Mickey mouse ring for a mickey mouse city. but even if he wins those ring mean jack shit. bro is so soft. Shohei agreed to that so they can be even more competitive and sign more players. Like contract says 10 years but they pay him less per year but continue paying him after his contract ends. what that mean. Apparently the contract has hella deferrals. No was he was fr. dodgers gonna be paying a 39 year old 70 mill to throw 80 mph with an ops of .700. and then the giants. 100+ regular season wins just to lose the rockies. he wasn’t winning shit with trout he def not winning with the chokers. i’m praying on his down fall now. i hope he hits no dongs and loses 10 mph from second tj. Sigh. I would literally rather the yankees have him. shouldve just stayed an angel. actually joined the dark side. facts. Bro the baseball world doesnt fuck with u anymore shohei. can we atleast have yamamoto. yea been on that shit for like an hour now. @cum king fuck this ohtani guy. why did bro have to blueball the entire baseball fanbase for so long. only for a game of thrones ass ending. and the first 2 hours you cant look away. this was like watching a movie. Top 5 worst days of my life. Yea fuck the dodgers. im a braves fan just to cheer for their biggest competitor. honestly. Every ring the dodgers win with this roster is mickey mouse. man wants postseason success and goes to a team with 0 postseason success. 2027 holy fuck nvm. when the hell is that man even poste. Bum ass reporting. Dodgersnation deleted their post / article about ohtani joining the jays real quick. Guess i have to delete my reddit account too. fuck this funyun eating ass bitch. but yea what is this shit. sidenote i love foolishbb. honestly. i hope he becomes like a 5th starter. i hope this dude cant pitch after 2 tj surgeries. By division rivals too. 3 mvps in the last 5 years. Dodgers bought fucking everyone. The warriors other stars r actually home grown. dodgers pereniall choke next october. warriors actualy won. difference is. this must be how the league felt about the warriors lol. honestly. My angels friend said they can have hom for 700mil. that contract would cripple the giants for so long. alright its time to cope. 10 years too. 700 is crazy. I wonder what giants offered. bitch ass move. honestly hope he gets booed at every stadium. Hope he gets bood at at&t. praying so hard that shit doesnt pan out. ppl were skeptical for 600. 700 is crazy. how they have a good farm and then just buy every fucking free agent. fuck the dodgers. give them one good year and then become a fucking bum. i hope that becomes an albatross so fucking fast. 700 mill tho. for the most boring outcome. all that. Little ass portions anyway. And fucking gay ass bento boxes. Fuck sushi. Fuck the dodgers. Give the man 1 billion. They better fucking all in on sasaki when he’s available. If the giants don’t sign ohtani. Hes coming to sf. Saw someone say that ohtani told dodgers theyre out of the race , so the dodgers fa just leaked it to their media that theyre out and their media just assumed jays. Fuck that dude. Also i was right. greedy is goated. it rarely beats the greedy algorithm. either im doing simulated annealing wrong or this algorithm sucks ass. if ur not busy. i can vc and screenshare. sure whats up. @cum king could u help me with debug. are you ok with sunday golf?. give me a few. @cum jester @cum queen does any1 want to game???. hes a giant. This shit is so funny. Someone said farhan signed the wrong yoshi. Bro. Who is that. would be funny if ohtani just blue balls everyone and doesnt decide till spring training. dude just wants to report something. i feel like jon morosi's tweet and sources is just reddit speculation. a private jet also left sna today at 8 to sfo. yea why do people think thats even his flight. He was in sf and la too. But why is it such big news that he’s flying to toronto. i will literally never eat japanese food ever again if u dont sign with the giants @ohtani. i dont think it makes a difference but fans will be fans. But ppl gonna flame him so hard. I feel like his yapping doesn’t really mean shit. How much flame does Dave roberts get if the dodgers don’t sign him. cant be that bad. the "hitters dont like hitting at at&t" narrative is bs i feel like. conservative sf talking points be wild. i feel like its the city not the team. with a lot of history. its just a nice park to play in too. they got no teams there. ship them to oakland. dude its all the homeless ppl in downtown i stg. nobody wants to play here. honestly what the fuck are the giants doing tho. unless he heads back to japan league. fuck every team thats not the giants for me. as long as it aint the dodgers. im ok with blue jays tbh. if he doesnt join the giants i hope he wins nothing in his career. hes racist. There is no news from ohtani camp or sfg about anything but suddenly theyre gone. When did the giants get out of contention. He has the greatest sources. just finished hluc lib. first ring box ever from bm. you're fucking insane. @cum goodnight im just straight hittin. i love buttcrack sports. I need him to sign. holy shit haliburton is so good. news tonight or tmr??. and they rejected him and said come again tmr. a dude said his cousin called the giants tickets office today about purchasing season tickets. whats up. i am at the library. how did u all find out. half the class was already in the hall. twas in person. fuck that professor. if in-person. if it's online yes. Is that even legal. The class is at 12:10. My professor cancelled class at 12:01. completely boomed. absolutely destroyed. o. richmond library. doesnt sound like a recipe for a good team. spica was not great. another 0-6 worlds run i cant wait. According to reddit. Apparently theyre teaming woth spica. he saw bjergsen come back and just couldnt resist. He saw deft win worlds and got his inspiration back. guess well find out maybe. Is dl even good still? I sometimes hop in his stream and he wont be playing the best kda wise. Rumored. actually?. @cum herald so glad to find a league reference on this post. im gonna go listen to the hamster dance song alone. where. Like why it was taken? Cuz I have no clue. @cum pedophile do you remember the context of this photo. 10 mins away from where i was. if so me too. is heimer that guy who is just hair. Was kinda hoping for heimer tbh. Bruh beryl actually going for ashe skin. they popped off hella hard. For their team. Such an insane story. I’m so happy for him. deft finally gets a worlds win pog. ty for dcing me. idk why im commenting i dont follow league. say that to his face while he holds his championship. drx are so good at fighting. thoughts?. dumbass baron throw. well i think t1 shouldve won game 2 tbh. honestly true. this shouldve been 3-1. The comeback. beyl smurfed the hostile takeovers. the first one did deft not rend of pyosik not smite. griefing his own legacy. now im drx fan. fucked my pickem every step of the way. i got sick of them proving me wrong. but dam theyre good lol. going into this series i had 0 faith in drx. walked away when they were up 1-0. they were. i thought theyre losing. completely forgot the world series is also going. none of drx had flash and guma shot arrow at the one champ that has a decent way of dodging it. the one bufffer near the drag fight. and then almost threw by just dying mid. like 2 times he saved himself so well. kingen's camille e buffers on ashe arrows was kinda crazy. ye that was weird. that faker tp to bot t1 earlier in the game was so int lol. where have i seen this before. just snipe them off it. it looked really bad. like even before the throw happened. yea looked like what I would do in wildrift. drx baron fight crazy. does it show the contents. but it notified literally everyone that commented before. i didnt even see your comment from yesterday. don't delete me from your bereal friends list please. is that dr. disrespect. investing 101. then he spends on more videos. from his videos. where he get that money. and he does elaborate crap. mr beast big name bc wow money. are we watch parying or what team. ....i still dont really know why hes a big name. its mr beast. buy this costume. by that i mean dark grey. u can just get a darker color if u dont want it to pop out as much. If only the check didn’t take up a quarter of the front. Yooo for real. now that guy fucks. mang on the other hand?. which one is tata. @cum pedophile you can rep your edgar skin. yo this does wtf. also this goes kinda hard. ok but what about outside of league of legends worlds. aaron michael wong will u marry me at league of legends worlds. i should do that :). some dude just proposed on the worlds stream. Tickets are now $350. Kinda sick rn tbh. Bro I’m Asian and I hate asian ppl tf. I can’t be anti-Semitic if I know where I come from. Yea hes so weird lol. But like you’re still anti-whatever the fuck you think Jewish ppl are. Amd blaack people are real. He said he “cant be anit-semitic” because the people hes talking about arent real Jewish people. Its so weird. Why can’t he just play basketball man. Kyrie so weird does he think black people are the original Jewish people?. That was hilarious. I WANT THIS TO LAST. CANT YOU HEAR MY HEART BEAT FAST. I GET THIS FEELING. CAUSE EVERYTIME WE TOUCH. my phone's out of battery but i'll check on the disgusting pc version for u. i messaged you on ig. do we mean that little to you?. i dont even watch league lmao. she'll have more birthdays man. its a fuckin disaster. i will be celebrating my mother's birthday :). @cum herald send your pic with t1. Bro tmr. yo theres tickets giveaways. Riot. Com. Where can i find the time. TMR IM GOING. yall should go to this. Joji and drake+21 dropped albums tonight dam. it was at fishermans wharf. ya but its on her ig story. Did ur friend take pics. Was it ran by riot. In sf. Seriously?. my friend went to today. apparently there was some drone show. fuck no im not coming back to sf. At someones house?. @Deleted User are we doing a worlds watch party on saturday?. Gotta finish some hw. Not in some crazy suite. Why is he sitting there. You see this dude on the baseball subreddit. Gotta wait a couple days. The new champ experience is truly one of a kind. Na either banned ir enemy picks. Have you played him. and canyon. better leesin than oner. @cum king warwick out. wanted to finish before responding. sorry was enjoying it. starts dry humping you. yes whore. just cuz im not rich enough to buy resale worlds tickets?. fuck you whore. are you going grad school?. we about to watch worlds outside chase?. what is gre. or all the other schools. why tf does davis require gre but not berkeley. thebausffs is the greatest streamer of all time. I bet they’re gonna set up some sad tent in the corner. Trying to advertise when they’re not even at worlds. Guys we have to go. That 3 stack from yesterday. Who tf is watcning his stream. sorry when i saw your bereal i couldnt help myself. stay strong brother. who else?. OH FUCK IVE FAILED. when did this turn into yans fav channel. bitch was ass this year no?. always have been. SYKKUNO IS THE GREATEST CONTENT CREATOR OF OUR GENERATION. the streets say closer is meta reliant and spica has champion ocean. idk if spica is better than closer. its cringe. they can get spica tho pretty lit. i guess poppy meta wasnt really good for him. all gifs of sykunno are of him covering his mouth and laughing. ppl say its good cus hes a veigo leesin 2 trick lolll. losing closer is bad. Closer and abbedagge possible gone from 100t. i think he said something along those lines in some interview. they want him to be like mike. Didnt deft say hes not retiring. Riot really milking this “last dance” shit. fuck no it wasnt. combined 4/43 lmfao. Whos not even q’d with them. In all their wins they get carried by a smurf. Playing together. Gotta be some 9 yearolds together for halloween family gathering. im getting triple reported for this one. Last one then i gotta do dishes. Wtf was that game. what a shit game lmfao. oh im on wrong account. U wanna game for a little. Bro why did you interrupt me. U should say hi to him in class. Delete that  now!. What the. If he wins a ring here is he greater than trout????. Harper is having an insane postseason. What. i knew i could convert u . of course it is ever so slightly exaggerated. this was drawn with me as the muse. No fucking way. i taped a pickle. Is that why you get a lot of girl viewers. 3 inches hard. How big is your cock. i am my own favorite streamer. i am so deeply offended that you would try to censor and berate sykunno my favorite streamer. hey mods of sykunno brigade? ban this man. I hate you. you got played idiot. twas an april fools joke. Halloween was yesterday. When tf is warwick coming out. Fucking hate him. Mf is 31 and talks like a high school anime protagonist. Yea weird he gets co stream privileges. This fucking dickhead doesn’t even play league. Holy fuck sykkuno is gonna be on the worlds broadcast. Like when they got Howard Hamlin to say it. No but it’s funny. Does he look like a one piece character?. Pls get him to say the one piece is real. The moment gumayusi posts an instagram story of where hes eating , im speeding to that location. wish u were here . calvin is back. Like he actually said that shit. Bro, I played against chovy, shovy, whatever the fuck his name is. Dude this guy is ill. So I beat him obviously I beat that fucking bastard. He is so easy to play against because I play against him Sion mid. Dude, I think this guy has an illness. No,no,no he will not sack waves ever like to the point where he is negatively impacting his team. For instance, he could have won a teamfight. Would he have died yes but he would have got like a 4 man shurima shiffle, actually he would have. It would have been nuts. But if he did the play, he would have died, his team would have won, and he wouldn’t be able to farm midlane. So he just didn’t go to it or try it. I was like wtf. I would push a side wave and I was like wait a minute I bet he tps here and not miss the wave and he tps so I was like okay how about this so I slow pushed a 3 stack wave toplane, I had Oner on my team, and we dove him because we knew he would be there even though everybody else on my team -his team was fighting botside, Bro so easy oh my god. I cannot believe this tyler1 chovy copypasta is real. 100t sell their spot. sick and tired of being sick and tired. how is it worth. they fucking blow everything on a ksante in a teamfight and get wiped 5 for 1. closer and quid look dogshit. but i was in shambles. also ive accepted cp3 to warriors. im in the kyle harrison waiting room. @cum lord giants win these. first batter junis faces. ok alex wood getting torched lmao. pitchers*. pitches so inconsistent. yea but not cy young. tbh. burnes hasnt been terrible. they suck ass. brewers def shopping burnes then. whatever that is. but that was 2 onths ago. i dont see any new about him when i search. shoulder inflammation?. arm?. he is injured rn lmaoo. guess he was injured. but really good 2 games. oh hes only started 2 games. is he not still on the brewers?. whatever the fuck happened to woodruf. id rather buy low on alcantara / burnes than high on stroman. when is trade deadline?. Buy high on stromam?. Yea but they have potential. bro both of those pitchers are bad rn. Even jist call up harrison. Please. They 100% need to go after another rotation piece. Wood is pitching terrible holy shit. They gotta go all out and trade for giannis. Its gonna be so good. I cant wait for first take tmr. curry and paul on the floor at the same time sounds so bad defensively. Theyre def trading cp3 for someshit right. Gonna be an old ass team. Bro. I thiught u were lying. what the fuck. cp3 warriord. I’m going to hell. Didn’t I say this. @cum herald. 2nd game back and I face a gm vayne top. Yo fuck wild rift. But harrison could he a star. Goldy is signed through this and next year. Not even sire id make that move. trying to ping people rebooting but to no avail :(. tried to save teammate who fell. not the 1v3. ratge gameplay. sad it pushed me off the zip and i fell on the ledge so i lost antigrav. WYM WE LEFT THEY BLEW UP OUR COVER . u just walk up to him and press E. he follows the team and that's kinda all u need. he's alright. yes he is actually gay. u played ow with him ansel. i invited my fwiend. theyre going in vault. my dpi is 1600. do we all not have to return to lobby then. wait WHAT DID WE GET INTO GAME WHEN KEVKEVWONG DIDNT RETURN TO LOBBY. this reminds me of that one little caesar's meme. thank u. I hope you enjoy this relic of the past as I have. Cause I randomly remembered it. I scrolled far in the old server for this. 3rd partied  . victory. @cum pedophile you bitch. it marks people when u shoot them. aaron's brother u say. who's perswayed. @cum herald stweam. i need to do something for a bit. ansel play a few. what the.. being hot somewhere. where's kevkevwong i miss him. yeah ur used to things being small. and my computer is too slow. the game is too large. ansel is racist. im the one who ASKED. Kapler is such a fucking sexy daddy holy. yan is a freak. harry just got possessed then started whispering then left. @cum goodnight. any niters of forte. and the L. "we should be winning !!!!!". 4.0 gpa at csu domingo and 3.9gpa and oregon community college. at the commencement. doesnt that mean u speak?. valedictorian of a class of 3 ppl. didnt even know its a school. he was valedictorean apparently. he has big business plans. connect with him. isnt that mf in oregon or something. vegas wernette wants to connect on linkedin. even if alcantara pitching bad. no way the marlins dont ask for at least harrison. alcantara a washed bum. no fucking shot. who in the farm system can they trade for alcantara except harrison. praying for ohtani. fucking baited us. bro is a below average hitter this year. do u think correa wouldve worked out with the giants. they have 5 shortstops on their team. they fucking extended machado. if my team made a big ass deal. honestly. they arent signing another star in a long while. they have 2 players signed for the next 10 years who are playing like shit. they win this and it changes nothing for them. that their team is underperforming. some were saying shit about posey and about being glad yaz got injured. the first one. about the challenge?. the padres subreddit is fuming. the slide was not even bad. and he retains his challenge. both did not get overturned. bro challenged two plays at once. kapler trying to piss off the padres fanbase even more. matos has drilled so many balls all caught. Didnt watch 100t game but apparently closer and quid got gapped. other than baseball. i have nothing to watch anymore. ur favorite shoemaker with a new meme. they should go get seager too. Ngl farhan should hire me. What if the giants buy low on alcantara at the deadline and turn him back into his cy young ways and then get ohtani in the offseason. look up “but here’s the” in the gif searcher. lmfao the first reply. couldnt get your crown victories :^(. theyre not real so ima go rez. cant pick up. either res or go. u can use flare gun if u hate rats. unless u have the drum LOL. take ur time with shotguns. my inventory is alt . i thot i was closer to the ledge. no they're still in. its an lmg. they're not very accurate. waste of time. nobody lands mega city. invisibility gloves. why dont they want to make money. harry's fat. mr popular going out once again. im going to all u can eat friday. actually hm. u can dip early if u need to. just lunch then catch. wait when. @Deleted User brothers friday? catch maybe?. IT WAS MY IDEA. Com jumping into same spot fucked them. Eg lowkey sold. @cum herald streammmm. i just saw that the giants won. i never heard of them before. i used to watch fndfilms in 6th grade. peak 6th grade comedy. i miss these fools. giants win world series this year and ohtani comes to sf. boring ass game im outta there. only tuned in for the possible perfect game. shoulda watched kung fu hustle. cannot believe this is actually from the mvoie. movie was fucked. humpty dumpty. why the fuck they have humpty dumpty. what a mess of a movie. also just watched ant man. not really. is ur headache gone yet. Only Up!. Whats that new game thats like getting over it but 3d. love that for u. glad they're back but prob not gonna watch their content. emaciated cuck. this brings me back. holy fuck they even featured ians mom. Someone said tom holland entering his cuck era. watching aldnoah. im calling the cops. this isnt lil devil teemop. no awammers?. and now u stan her even more. any awammers. he's literally locked in. THE GIANTS WON?. and sweep the snakes. god if they win this series vs the padres. Giants on that odd year bullshit now. with who. kick this bot. you slepe now?. im one of those ppl. some people just should not play. league of legends isn't for everyone. the way i forgot i was supposed to be in clash call. dont hit the tower keep yan hostage. yea that shit a mfer. oh the screw on the standoff?. screw?. now i need to update bios. but i got it. i was installing nvme and the screw wouldnt come off. what wuz da problem tho. i figured out the problem. lmfao reddit comment comparing poole's bball iq to a lobotomized seagull. Cleared a ward. cant run offense for shit. can they sit this poole motherfucker. Look at the samira. The giants suck fkinh dick when webb is on the mound. Holy shit. yea i love women too (i have never held hands with a girl before). Weathering with u. All these movies look the same. is all i know. it was supposed to be GIRL ON GIRL. Don’t even know the premise of the movie. I’ve heard it’s pretty good. I am down to watch. @cum pedophile hope you read this . but all he be stroking is my cock. maybe if he stroked the movie off enough i would be interested. i was wondering if yan had a review. but also whyd u ask. radwimps goated. good songs tho. i still havent watched your name. fuck that shit. idgaf about no anime movie. read then bitch. my davis friends asked me and my excuse was. @cum king @cum pedophile @cum lord @cum herald @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier. U guys wanna run some wildrift aram or something. Uhhh not that I remember. I have not watched. @cum pedophile have you watched suzume. Tenacity fucking troll. i need to flame the bucks. come in here. i wonder what jimmy butlers averages were for that series. Whore. I flip him off. Every time this bitch hits a shot. other than the ft's. he was efficient af. Also fuck Harrison Barnes. yup dray went crazy. Scoring monster. bad half court sets. This draymond mf. got outplayed by draymond. i think kings rushed alot of shots too. his hand tho. Clutch player of the year. feels bad to get fouled on a fast break and miss the shot. But fox sold hard in the fourth. Ngl some of the calls favored the warriors. bc it wouldve resulted in a free 2 points theoretically. if u foul on a fast break with no defender then its 1 shot + possession. take foul is fiba rules they implemented this year. that curry and 1 looked like a carry. carried the heat. jimmy butler is the best player in the world. outplayed giannis. yea this dude a monster. never heard of it before this seaso. wtf is a take foul. wtf was that shot. holy jimmy butler turns into prime mj in the playoffs. Like this. They report random pop culture stuff. Never thought id see daily loud report sports news. Warriors r back. lying ass bitch. aint no way he playing like this with a broken finger. fox finger is not fractured. Its over. he ass lol. Easy money. Its actually not bad at all but id press charges too. there are 3 anime seasons. treat movie as in-between s1 and s2. Kinda confused cus wasnt s2 hell train like the movie or something?. How many seasons of demon slayer r out. what's 45 more pulls gonna cost?. Its 150 right. how close are u to a character redemption. Yea fr. first purchase bonus goes hard tho. One character repeat. which are pretty rare. am just now realising that u got 4 characters. @cum lord how much did u spend on the collab. at least u got cc. and 3 other non collab characters. who has the power of geass or whatever lol. the green hair girl. but dont want to spend more money. i want lelouch. 14 years for me so idr. just rolled and got c.c but no lelouch. just childhood friends. ig they arent blood brothers. nvm ill just watch the series and see what happens lol. the blond dude. idt he has a brother. his brother the prince or something im confused. @cum jester so lelouch is not japanese?. I only watched one season of code geass and idek which one it was. their 5'10 is our 6'7. no way thats only 5'10. he sounds like me when i try to speak korean. he's fucking back dude. and it's mecha boys. i remember that dude lmfao. i always thought it was like a space thing. watching it rn. and it was MID!. well i only watched one episode of another season. the others are MID!. o. only watch that one. Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion. the one with lelouch in it. how many seasons. spaceships. is it like space big brain battle. u should watch it before swiping tbh. i never even watched code geass. wish me luck. Why was the post removed. This real news right here. Fuck that. But dam lebron rly jerking that shit on national tv. Just smacked dat shit. Ball wasmt even near. But brooks straight up smacked his schlong. Lebron holding his dick rolling on the ground is so funny. Ur a non believer. What r the chances shohei comes to sf next season. yea hes not bad. Ad twitch feels strong. I can play yuumi, one of my account has her lol. played twitch in a norm. Later tonight. If u wanna play I’ll play yuumi twitch. sry im not texan. and that's the only thing i can think of that's open at 2:46. i think we talked about jack in the box one time. why is it jitb. @cum genshinerhonkaier enjoy your jack in the box. may we all return to lobby. i returned to lobby. off the floating island. into like 4 of them. why are your tags "Role Play," "Intense," and "Mic On". y wud i remember that. bro it's my brawlstars ign . i kept it in my requests for so long bc i was like "this sounds like an ansel ign but idk". im coolwarrior89. wtf i have an outgoing friend request to you already LOL. iced teas. what's your epic thing. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna carry us in fortnite. finishing a crossword but im ready whenever. aight. Imma add someone in the discord it’s gonna be me. aight im ready. @cum queen @cum goodnight now?. Lmk when. i have class till 9. @cum queen @cum goodnight im home earlier than expected hee hee hee haw. i still remember him predicting that shit like a third of the way through the season. This is why sas is the goat. Kenny stream LOL. I’ll watch in bed. Yea yea go play. since it's so gargantuan in size. you're going to bed right. @cum herald it's doomed we need one more. Tf is this update Lmao why it so big. If it’s over 15. Ok imma check download time. we finished. @cum herald leave your valo game rn. @cum goodnight UPDATE YOUR GAME. what da hell. idk probably his school one. driving with his grippers. What gym is open rn. Tf. idk he said he was gyming. When is he coming back?. harry in a valo game in the meantime. once aaron comes back yea. We have 5?. i didnt know they existed. @cum goodnight kevin icex258 wong, would you  be interested   in joining us   in playing    Overwatch 2 with us?  . woah a fellow hots player. @cum genshinerhonkaier stop playing hots. wait there's no banner. The code geass colab kinda sick. @cum king hope ur ass is tight from the pump bro. So ap rat is not very viable. Idk why. @cum lord they didn’t include twitch e ap scaling. It is. before u head out to gym. make sure ur game is updated. I’m gonna be at the gym from 10-12. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum queen @cum king @cum herald ow? later? tonight?. we have some stuff added but feel free to fiddle with it. You have to stack and then e. Game sucks. Tried in practixe tool and ap feels weak. U tryna redownload the game and get twitch. theyre releasing the first wildrift world champion skins lol. And season reset at 4. At leadt tjeres a new event at 5. I think twotch comes out at 5?. fucking boring shit. and this dude rushed sheen and would just tumble auto me. They play ap like ziggs ori. All i know is that they dint play adc in proplay. whats the meta. @cum king in wildrift pro play, the teams do a 1v1 on aram map to decide side selection. But i still hope he signs with the giants. Washed. Without them soto is bellow average player. Sad soto cant play mind games anymore. @cum lord you see this??. we have 5 if angel plays . fruit rollup gang doesnt even have 5 ow players. dont think so. lowkey want to use my one punch man skins. unless we have 5. i will have to decline the ow2 offer. @Deleted User anyone wanan play overwath. if u wanna watch the mario movie. your other friend is running it down. like your friend literally left the game. why do they care. and isn't aram not important at all. but theyd rather just waste time playing a lost game. like your boy literally left. becuase its their friend. the most annoying part is they just look past delusion. they only talk shit bc they're 3 stacked. then why do you want to continue playing bro. and then zoe calls me a retard with shit mechanics. and they vote no. getting stomped by a scaling comp and shyv dcs. and they decide to play zoe ap shyv tank singed. we have leona amumu on bench. bruh played an aram and with this delusional ass 3 stack. curry just chucking. he hit 2 before that. heat check down like 4 with 2 min left. he took that one shot like 5 feet away from the three point line with a dude right in his face. bruh why they reviewing a 1 point diff like it matters. down the stretch. klay the only dude that was good. hasnt even been that good this game. Everytime his hands are on the ball. dont shit talk 4th quarter fox. Fox paid out the rum or what. sat on then stepped on. sabonis been getting fucked these 2 games. STEP ON THAT MAN. do where. what was i supposed to do there. yay 1m u can afford some more potions. just right click it. y r u not selling the stuff in ur equips tab. i was trying to figure out how much i can buy. this is so sad. hes buying ginger ales one by one. i forgot my mask and this bus highkey packing and stinky. just be strong and boss. i cant afford potions. ok i'm heading home no pick up. apparently common issue. THERES NO CROSSPLAY FOR THAT. be ready to play smc. thank u my king. a super mecha champions gamer. i'm about to become a mobile gamer. or did they remove it. wasnt there a way to use soundboard on mobile. whats this game called again. super mecha champions was LIT. wait there's cross play?. ansel that game reminds me of super mecha champions. shweet i do that rq. what does that even mean. what the freak. u can play with angel. I CANT SEE. did they make mobile streaming complete ass. play what. yogurt ass. ther is. someone with their yogurt toes. i'm in office tho. bro it smells like someone dipped their stinky toes in greek yogurt and let it bake in the hot downtown sun rn. bc it sounds better than lil hl. we can keep harry has lil halu. and aaron will be lil aw. but me and angel are the same. GET A BETTER NAME HARRY. yanster is sinple. it's fucked. what's wrong. lilkevkevwong and his endless horde of hoes. whats up. nothing i guess. hello what is up my gamers. bruh i got so close to watermelon. both idk. like whats happening or the animation. this giving me 7 deadly sins vibes. it should jus tstart the game. no try refreshing. it just stays there. when it loadsc 100% do i gotta press anything. and when u wanna play again u have to load again. the nintendo switch one is better. Is there a better version?. this is the bad version :(. Why won’t the fruit just wiggle a lil. I’ve played that game SO ADDICTING BUT FRUSTRATING. Prob easier tovexplain in voice. I could get nothing if he gets no giants cards. If they pull a card. every player on the team?. I get all giants cards in the case break. So i got the giants one. Like each team u can buy. wtf is a spot. Was hoping to hit a numbered auto but o well. Padres spot was $430 cus of salas. I paid for the giants spot in a break. how much you pay for that. This stud. i dont even know who that is. Rayner arias is the giants yordan. its actually 1.261 slg lmfao. nvm i read the table wrong. even higher than castellanos with 5 homers. alvarez slugging 1.143 this postseason. About the same. We have austin slater. why cant the giants get a player like that. @cum lord yordan alvarez is a monster wtf. 117 ev is crazy. too much work. Might have some friends from my program who’ll play. liar liar pants on fire. we playing rn. not yet. rite of passage. would not recommend. terrible game btw. guys bear witness. holy fuck holy shit. im just trynna recover my password. why is steam capcha so hard???. y everyone still at home. its brothers at 12 right. @cum goodnight us but i wish i even saw 21. 147k coins in the bank. holy frick. @cum goodnight look at my friend's legion. sweat. clubbing or what. i think kenny is dumb. kenny said clash royale isnt p2w. but that game is p2w. can u guys play aram with kenny. hang out tmrw. i need to rethink how to spend my time in this game. only took 2 hours. I GOT IT LET'S GOOOO. @cum goodnight. star force 30% off. what that mean?. i hate it here. @cum goodnight @cum herald gl 30% sf. it sword of the wizard king right?. is it online?. Right now. @cum pedophile we watching the black clover movie. its me im crying. loL brb a friend is cryijng. so we can be in California. wait what r we playing. kevins mic doesnt sound ass. marina and the diamonds. they nerfed bkgugo and dkeue autos. creme brulee boba tooooo sweet. probably bossing mule. on what. hat cap. dont wear hat cap for another month at leaset. be more ashamed of your team. shouldve laughed in his face. Just saw this dude wearing a braves hat. fuck the braves. how was it. without MEEEEEE. without MEEEEEEE. Spicier than I remember. Dont have ps so just pretend thats acuna. freeman betts olson and acuna watch the ws at home just like me. @cum herald i eat dinner. Bum ass team hate them. Lets all laugh at the braves. you're licking my frenulum and not letting me bust. you fucking cock teaser. I WAS ABOUT TO COPY PASTE. no the game is trash. can we do another playthru . Better than acuna. Corbin carroll signed an 8yr/111m extension this year. think kenny was there too. yes it was kinda not great. have u guys played already. This stat. fuck freeman betts olson and acuna. if the braves lose tmr. i wil be so hppy. but yeah the dbacks going crazy. fuck the dodgers. next pitch he dongs it again. home run gets overturned as foul. are dismantling the dodgers. the dbacks. getting strong enough to auto. brain happy when i get characters. im tabbed out. dont play with kenny. its a very well made game. baldurs gate is a story gaem. harry buying pot like always. What thread is this from lmao. Dailies are a chore, I'm pretty sure we all agree on that. So why the fuck are so many end game players refusing to help out their fellow smaller player asking for 500 Odium kills at the locked door maps. At the end of the day, 5% damage is 5% damage. I won't be able to kill gate 4 turtles any faster than locked door 3 cows. Whenever I ask for help, most players just flat out ignore me. I'm here too you know, in an MMOPRPG, where social interaction is encouraged. A simple "no, sorry" would suffice. I'm sorry I would put a small dent of 20mil during your WAP or 5B exp on your maple charts. God forbid you need that extra mesos for your 23* gear and double primed items. So what if I loot that extra node when you guys easily have 50,000 nodes like that snow billy guy. And for the people that do reply back, they're just straight up mean. "gtfo", "noob", "why are you here lol". Am I really putting a hindrance in your progress for you guys to be this stuck-up? Or are all of you end game players so anti social and hate your lives to train for 10 hours straight during night troupe lmao. I can't even find a map if I wanted to kill the mobs myself since you guys are hogging up the maps with spreadsheets or some shit. Have some empathy, you guys started at low SAC here too. It's no wonder the game has trouble retaining players when the top players are so selfish and apathetic towards newer players.. Dailies are a chore, I'm pretty sure we all agree on that. So why the fuck are so many end game players refusing to help out their fellow smaller player asking for 500 Odium kills at the locked door maps. At the end of the day, 5% damage is 5% damage. I won't be able to kill gate 4 turtles any faster than locked door 3 cows. Whenever I ask for help, most players just flat out ignore me. I'm here too you know, in an MMOPRPG, where social interaction is encouraged. A simple "no, sorry" would suffice. I'm sorry I would put a small dent of 20mil during your WAP or 5B exp on your maple charts. God forbid you need that extra mesos for your 23* gear and double primed items. So what if I loot that extra node when you guys easily have 50,000 nodes like that snow billy guy. And for the people that do reply back, they're just straight up mean. "gtfo", "noob", "why are you here lol". Am I really putting a hindrance in your progress for you guys to be this stuck-up? Or are all of you end game players so anti social and hate your lives to train for 10 hours straight during night troupe lmao. I can't even find a map if I wanted to kill the mobs myself since you guys are hogging up the maps with spreadsheets or some shit. Have some empathy, you guys started at low SAC here too. It's no wonder the game has trouble retaining players when the top players are so selfish and apathetic towards newer players.. no they moved him. yea ginger ales. Showa Street Market. waste of money to do non-140. Omg I’m missing out on Kenny maple story gaming???. got too used to jumping on alt. my spacebar growing up was fucked up. we're maplestory gaming now. $20 but i'm an intern so it's whatever. why 210. but that's normal. falls off HARD. then it's big booty cheeks. shade chill EARLY game. we should be paying more for boneless. this is true. shouldnt we be paying more for boneless?. but like why we have to pay more for the bone to be in?. das y u go when they have the deal . and thats an absurd price to pay for chicken nuggets. but then its just chicken nuggets. i def prefer boneless but im okay wif bone in. idk i think all my friends enjoy boneless wingstop moar. i cant believe youve said this. boneless for wet wings might be the way. objectively speaking. boneless is not the way. boneless > . if more sauce, its better. I liked it but I think other flavors are better. @cum queen how much was wingz. Wait worls quals rn. It was the ugliest throw ive ever seen. I shed a tear the moment dac threw the ball of his first pick. hello mango habanero review pls @wingstoppers. i wannaa watch u poo down soomeone's throat. who wants to watch the new winnie the pooh movie. Postgame thread lied to me it was still winsom. They lose. Also funny first game eyla is back and winsom gone. Solo played cho gath. Tsm > fly @cum king. And then they will losers bracket run to a chip. They just need to hit the training arc. The plot armor will kick in. They have the main characters. 100T back to back depressing losses as well. It wouldnt be so bad. If core didnt comeout and say that shit about outworking everyone and na not working hard. and now fly is dominating. everyone laughed when pyoski joked about losing to fly. And theyre still getting shit on. Na doesnt work hard and we will outwork everyone this split. In preseason they made a video and core said. Its funny cus. Tl back to back depressing losses and eg back to back 40 min bangers. @cum genshinerhonkaier hey u up. im be getting off soon. we can play val after. im playing hearthstone sec. That tl loss just cleansed my soul. That was depressing. Wow tl. What do i know I am no lcs professional player. Just group mid and run it down. I feel at that point they already out scaled so hard they dont even need to start baron. And last year they got swept again, breaking their own record of fastest finals sweep. They got swept in record time. But 2 years ago when they made lcs finals. Not only this shit. Its so hard being a 100t fan. Fuck this. Then 100t trade baron for nexus. Do nothing and let jinx and azir get full build. Never watching this shit ever again. I fucking hate lcs. Baron for base trade. Full build azir and jinx vs 7.5k gold lead who wins. I now see why spica was their first option when building this team. Spica and now inspired. Please doublelift. @cum herald ow?. @cum herald. come here betch. @cum goodnight. im finishing up my val game. aight. where the girl at. you not even supposed to be on discord rn. tf/. bro do it faster then. bro this project is for the next quarter as well. @cum king are u finished with your javascript project. Not gonna be active on Discord Feb 14. I'm meeting a girl (a real one, wouldn't expect a lot of you to understand anyway) so please don't DM me asking me where I am (im with the girl, ok) you'll most likely get aired because ill be with the girl (again I don't expect you to understand) shes actually really interested in me and its not a situation i can pass up for some meaningless Discord degenerates (because ill be meeting a girl, not that you really are going to understand) this is my life now. Meeting women and not wasting my precious time online, I have to move on from such simple things and branch out (you wouldnt understand). Not gonna be active on Discord Feb 14. I'm meeting a girl (a real one, wouldn't expect a lot of you to understand anyway) so please don't DM me asking me where I am (im with the girl, ok) you'll most likely get aired because ill be with the girl (again I don't expect you to understand) shes actually really interested in me and its not a situation i can pass up for some meaningless Discord degenerates (because ill be meeting a girl, not that you really are going to understand) this is my life now. Meeting women and not wasting my precious time online, I have to move on from such simple things and branch out (you wouldnt understand). Seems pretty cool. Do u guys watch apex esports?. hope u made the right choice. glad to hear it sweetie. I am doing okay thanks for checking honey. he not responding. is his mental boom. @cum king just checking in on your mental. very pog play. possibly free rook?. leads to free knight?. Bishop takes g6. what was the move. Brilliant move brilliant move brilliant move. eagles hater. summit hater. youre such a hater. Eagles lost, happiest day of my life. im p sure kev doesnt remember most of the night. you sure about that. that man a menace. ur actually a professional instigator i respect it. i was impressed. you're right. bruh u were force feeding me shots LOL. @cum herald lol no but damn we were really drinking LMAO. @cum goodnight. did u black out. @cum herald Harry wtf happened Lmaoo. get on then. ill play 1 too LOL. i need a beak. @cum jester do you wanna play 1 game of ow. @cum herald yes sir excited to see you. @cum goodnight have fun sweetheart. ur going clubbing tonight right. @cum goodnight. i fuckin wish. we playing ow?. The first clip. that's just how it is. i proceeded to lose 3 games. Feel like she can never hit feathers on kaisa. U know what tenacity tried. well tenacity solo killed ipact so. #TopDiff. so u can prob play 1 first. i just got into an aram tho. @cum herald i will play some ow now. i wanted u to hop in call. that was it. other than slut. why was i at'd. he's our favorite. how could i forget. cuz hes a slut. @cum herald hi. He looks so sad in player cams. inspired did great. also having players on the casting desk is pretty fun. they were saying 1 cait hs will oneshot core. bruh core has 1.9k hp. this dude has iq of a silver player but hands from god. ok summit is truly an inter. Appreciate your honesty. its just funny when hes running it. and it may seem like i have a hate boner for him. ik ive been flaming summit hard for the past couple weeks. summit getting shit on by rookie. yea tenacity solo bolo. bout to head to class. also kinda funny the casters were talking about cait support varus ad the entire time but 100t did the opposite. the first reply is kinda funny. This deadline has been crazy tho. All those injuries. his career trajectory kinda sad. Hes cooked. Wtf john wall is back in houston. pat bev is so funny. And just earlier the lakers shipped him to oralando. Apparently Pat bev tweeted yesterday that hes reunited with dlo. right?. its basically gp2 for wiseman i think. no they got the 5 2nd rounds from wiseman. Wait and wiseman. Wait for 5 2nd round picks. Gp2 back on the warriors. Dude saw lebron break the scoring record and said “fuck u ur not winning another chanpionship”. This is so funny tho. I thought he is. Isnt he out rn?. this team is made of paper. they aint winning. Suns gave all that. or received for firsts?. wait they gave 4 firsts?. Bridges , cam johnson, crowder , and 4 firsts. who. Holy shit they got 4 firsts lol. cp3 washed. they aint winning shit. next best is fuckin dlee. like their 5,6,7 players. they traded their entire supporting cast. that team aint winning shit. @cum king kd to the suns. 4 first round picks goddamn. Ya they got rid of him. Russ is gone???. But also he’s Wiggins. Warriors traded kd for dlo. League fucked. Which is basically equivalent to kd. It’s over. Na they got dlo. Who did they get. Lakers winning the championship gg its over. fuckin liars. and then other students were saying it was updated. bruh my professor said he updated the pdf. yea i do not see a difference side by side. u posted the same picture. is there a fucking difference. YO IM GETTING GASLIT I SWEAR TO GOD. i have to something to tell you. hey. we got our 5th. ow2 still. what you guys playing now. it's too late. is ur ow updated. @cum goodnight. @cum goodnight. overwatch not 6 player anymore. we have 4 rn. @cum goodnight. it's china themed. why it look like fotnite. what da heck. maybe geeta can fill . bro why you need kenny and then @ me. hop on boys. so i can play hanzo without getting flamed. i play when we get 5 as well. i heard the new battle pass is also fire. wait im still down to play LOL. so i think we'll only play if we get 5 stack. harry finished battle pass. but ill brb imma go grocery shopping. im going to shower and sleep. theyre not in call. hop on boys. no, nothing against her. and her boyfriend and some other people. You hate her or smth?. its with julia. oh didnt even see that question. Trying to weasel your way out of it by latching to a different subject. and then shes nude or smth. faker playing zed in champions queue. can you get me the cactus buddy thanks. your opinions are straight wrong bro. flying with mother is my top. got me on a relapse. you should listen to romantic flight by john powell. kinda reminds of official hige dandism, but korean. oh yea def more of a band than kpop. oh boy band....wasnt expecting that from the name. been listening to the other songs from aespa and stayc and theyre pretty good too. which i think is dope af. and they have a violinist. no dancing but the song is nice. more of a band than a kpop group. you should listen to play by lucy. cant be caught slippin and not up to date. gotta keep up with all these new groups . been exploring the daily mix and other kpop playlists to find new songs. Yeah and still not in nba. Something along those lines. But his dad is from china?. I think from France??. He’s black. There’s a player named Steeve ho you fat. You ain’t checking the nba subreddit?. who tf. What about ho you fat. attention is the way. new jeans top2 name. Hype boy best song. Damn y’all on new jeans now. guess it wasnt enough. dam not good enough to finish in one go huh. i need to catch up. oh dang uhhh i havent watched in a bit. @cum pedophile how did u like cyberpunk edge runners btw. 2 days playing the game im already the goat of t3 like faker. YT guy their leader. Shit on these kids 3 stack from #11 clan. you guys hear about the stockton serial killer. what about tomorrow?. when you guys going. he lives right by that area yea?. when we going for yan's pc. @cum queen i am down but when. You guys trynna get the McDonald’s dudes. cant wait for 100t to beat taiwan. holy fuck this first day of worlds is gonna be fun. It be like that. cactus buddy is the only one that matters. they really cut half the cast tho. and purple blob is grimae. i think its micky d's worker --> purple blob/bird--> burgalar. right one looks like it would belong in roblox, from your pic. that could be cool as fuck. well idk what the acrylic sign looks like. ya hoodies prolly the best one. i kinda want the one on the left tho. when mcdonalds actually used these characters. it looks like it belongs from the early 2000s. who would own this. this is so funny to me for no reason. but its going in the garage. and then sell. ok maybe keep to increase value over time. no shot im keeping that even if i win it. LOOK AT THIS THING. ONE OF THE PRIZES IS A GRIMACE CHAIR. this is a cursed brown kermit. and this. i think this is one of the prizes. 150 for a hoodie . yoooo this stuff expensive. but its clothes for sure. uhh idk if its that stuff exactly. is it the clothes that you sent pics of?. if you order off the app you enter a sweepstake for free actual cpfm merch. its time. literally my mom was suggesting we go to micky d's. i like the box tho. unbox the toys. yall should get it this weekend. already out. when does it come out. but idk why you would choose the mcnuggets thats literally 2.50. its literally a big mac meal. whack. i think the style is intentionally weird like that. dont think so. misprint or what?. why do they all have 4 eyes tho?. and the bird look like fnaf bird. the hamburglar sucks cock. nah basically every cactus plant flea market box comes with one. the right one is the best. you can get these. wait adult happy meal is actually happening?. they basically have an adult happy meal collab lmfao. but i cannot fund your fashion :((. no lie i actually kinda like this hoodie. this one pls. can you buy me something from this. yeah feels good to just block her dmg. shes annyoing af. goddamn this guy counters that tracer bitch. ok ill play 1 more. i hate this map. i didnt know if u go inside the smoke. stupid whore. bitch took the fat L anyway. whatever. full charge headshot is like 6-7k. was it the sniper one shotting u. i hope that cunt remembers thta time i spun on his bitchass. the sniper does like 5kish full charge. fuck this game. what kind of shit tank. retarded shit. yeah fuck this game. literally. this dude one shots me. and i melt to everything. where the fuck is my jump. this aint winston. winston X ryanheart. 2 times in a row. i cant snipe on that gay ass map. bro this game sucks. i had to turn into a 2008 faze sniping montage there. this game is trash. but u can see like a floating dot where she is i think. and her ult goes invis. and hten one shots me. can dash with her regular. like this bitch goes invis. shes like tracer. dude what does this blinking girl even do man. sniping pretty op if ur good. i think ur elo making it worse than it usually is. i think the top T3 ARENA team is japanese. servers are global so u can play with japanese gamers too. and it just released in usa recently?. apparently its been huge in asia. fuck that. are the opponents better yet. like actually i can go pro. i would love to. baited..... i have no words to follow. sorry im busy actually. well then. i mean its my fantasy but i aint projecting. i feel youre just projecting your fantasy on me smh. but this is not one of those times. zzz stop lying to yourself. definitely not. as you proceed to cum. i think you mean. saturday, harry said he also wont be available until like 5. you get your computer sooner if we do saturday. we can keep it to sunday then, since saturday is a for sure no from kenny. ok, we can double check with him later. he might be able to get out of his thing sunday but dont take my word for it. we facetime him i guess. rip kenny...no free days this weekend. kenny's also working saturday. @cum jester @cum queen @cum herald you guys wanna build on saturday instead?. when we playin. i was hoping there woild be audio. dont think so. which one. The suck my dick one. the beatdrop and eg looking so happy is the funniest. Reminds me of this. My finger hurts and I’m pretty sure it’s from holding w in genji parkour. in the brain. tbh i thought it was really fast. was it. BRO YOU COUNTING IS SO UNEVEN. one sec. shrugging destroyed my pc. depends on the day. @cum herald this your favorite youtuber?. @cum herald how'd u get in whore. @cum jester bruh harrys playing without us. is that from ow2?. this is the funniest shit ever im gonna get a johhny sins commission. and then he dc'd from the server. his team was flaming back. he was flaming the shit out of his team. shit was the complete experience. i watched xqc play for 2 minutes. watching the seagul vid rn. Oh is it a mmorpg or something. it basically is just an update. and uh. updated engine. Why couldn’t they just update it. So what’s the difference. download now with your cable internet. it's free. overwatch 2 . I’ll play one more. Wait i just unlocked a healer. ima play healer. we are just really good. Wtf these games are so free. I think there’s a couple champs that have been played 3 roles. x winstron. ryanheart. TOO GOOD. gonna hit top leaderboard. at the game. Click on this link to join T3 Arena with your friend CoolSh00ter91!. Wait this link don’t work. Searching doesnt work. Click on this link to join T3 Arena with your friend Proxy!. Is this miss fortune wtf. CoolSh00ter91. @cum king whats ur username. he had no deaths so undefined KDA > 19. Mf was 2-0-9. How tf I go 16-1-3 and my teammate gets mvp. hater. Wildcard teams are trash. their jungler. cfo players are playing really well in champs q tho. Honestly reasonable. i think realistically. Who tf could’ve foreseen the maokai flex. Too bad I picked fucking Renekton to have most deaths. group D i think that solid placement. For like one right pick. Shit is worth 50 points. Also the crystal ball picks are so op. i need to think through mine. its all wrong. dont liten to his group D pick ems. Fuck it I’m flipping the coin. I’m giving you the answers. I believe Koreans are good at bo1s. Fnatic is cheeks. you believe in DK to comeback to form?. but the rest of the group im not too sure. T1 i can agree on. Mmm you prolly would’ve said that shit last year too. C: TES, DRX, RGE, GAM. no way youre putting c9 2nd. A: T1, C9, EDG, FNC. this has got to be the hardest groups pickems. 1 win is a good start, better luck next time. wouldve been fun to watch an upset. There’s no way you actually thought dfm would win 3 games against rng. that first game gave me hope for dfm. Yeah want me to stream?. The App Store says ages 9+. r u in class rn. Oh shit I can’t play. i wish aaron would get tilted at me. big booty tea. that made no sense. something about him preferring to teach 3-5 year olds and something about him being 3-5 years old. all my homies hate yan. ???? what the. ok guys i'm going offline for a bit if you need to hit me up do so in my dms love you all ciao ciao. no youre not missing. omg who's your guide. hope my stench enters your every orifice. and he's always picking his nose. that guy smells SO bad. we can talk shit now. thank god. hope the ppl sitting next to me cant't smell my ball sweat. isnt that ur gfs name. or smth. is collab over. not in a bit. whoever discovered waterboarding must've been so funny. if it's by u sure. i'll come in my omega reflective jacket. what response. just predict where its gonna land. fr tho. real players would make the catch. sun got in his eye. they have some other dude pitching. he wasnt pitching?. calculate the trajectory of the ball and all that. "aint no advanced stats saving your dogshit ass". and whisper in his ear "kevin keiermier is dog shit". were they playing with more men or what. bro dropped an easy ass fly ball. shouldve went up to him after the game. we lost that shit. did u guys play the for fun game. no pants just shirt thanks. take a picture of u wearing it please. THEY GOT SO SHAT ON. it is so gratifying. without u. who is nicky. u guys playing brawlstars in there?. i thought theyre weird at first. salty sweet but not quite my jam. have u tried it tho. theyre so good. yea they're weird. do u know the royce chocolate potato chips. but its ok dont worry about it. these?. @cum herald. sry was feeling silly. drip too hard dont stand too close u gonna fuck around and drown off this wave. but then i'd lose my place in the baggage drop off queue which is increasing in size. my pc bouta be damaged. probably something damaged. but it's still suffering. well it stopped HOURS ago. idk texas weather. storming?. my power keeps turning off. unfortunate day to have middle name ho yun. are u winning in your vjdeo game. very cute guys. actually saw a whole posse chilling in a park in kyoto. thought i'd see more cats. wait are u 2 in a squad together rn. then 2 more hrs after dat. to drop off my luggage LOL. damn another hour. it's like when we dont cum for a while u feel. hormones that stimulate milk production. oh all milk is hormone free in canada. ok idk the milk industry that well. they dont. 3% milk in canada is so bussin. 1% higher fat. nah i swear the milk is just like. it's not watery. kenny have u had milk outside of the us. the milk here is pristine. nah but fr it wasn't that bad. ripped my asshole open frfr. nah that shit was a BOMB. not my fault he ran by my fart. i farted on some white kid. seoul food. and eat soul food for brekky. no i'm gonna starve myself till the end of flight. i turned off ur cam ages ago. we're just his chat. we have a streamer. and then there were 3. ah yes before their prefrontal cortex has any semblance of holding the concept of a personality. u shouldve eaten it and when she came back u could tell her some random dude came up and ate it. her noodles soggy asf. teacher fantasy . girl came back. he's doing child psych now. he watches kids. are u just a child caretaker. "the spanish ones". holy fuck a whole tour trip just rolled in. are u a baby wrangler. wait are u paid during that time. that's how yan went home and napped himself. they do have nap time. and assert a pecking order. if she's gone for more than the cooking time i will slurp it up. girl walked up next to me and left her cup ramen here. women should not play games. nah fuk them. X stands for experience . what theatre did u go to. dude u cant ever expect a center seat to be center LOL. you've changed. a little too studious for slut time activities. are u taking summer courses or nah. whew. wait cheating?. gotta keep those sources open. yan are u the type of guy to leave a billion tabs open. hey beautiful. i didnt even know it went below 30 tbh. why are you streaming a browser at 1440p 60fps . @cum herald. this wifi sitch is so doomed. omg airport wifi came back. THE BOY WITH THE ARAB STRAAAP. thank u for relaying this info. @cum herald @cum pedophile @cum queen movie? when?. he's too powerful. thank u my lover. stay safe out there. i have slow ass airport wifi let's freaking go. i rejoin call later i read a book cya. 2 more hours yipee. my hair is bothering tf outta me. wish this airport had a hair salon. join in shower coward. I shower then join. something with 69. what was your goofy name u wanted again. also my condolences to ur discord username. @cum herald are u actually gonna play this time. yea to winter maybe thanksgiving. thank u beautiful. ok no thank u. thank u beautiful. thank u beautiful. bro i already used 2gb in 1.25 hours. he's too powerful. guys i summoned him. i went from 90 to 0 in a week. he went from 2000 to like 0 in a week. and he spendin all his premium currency. he has more op guns. any vcers. I be like that too. The insurance part tho. Except maybe snacks. Just know there will be no favoritism. Have uncle yan teach. Ill bring my child to that school in 10 years. Letting them try to draw circles and triangles. What r the kids learning today. Quick shoutout to @cum lord for believing in me. Notice that fraudster embid not there. My heart dropped. Dont forget to introduce urself today. i'm poopy butthole. u may not have a gf but u have multiple boyfriends. I have a gf??. who . Ur a bad boyfriend @cum pedophile. Should’ve told you that we have to be in call before the scheduled time. wtf @cum pedophile this is how u treat your clients?. what's the point in sleeping w/o him. she most positively elated. @cum herald meow. @cum genshinerhonkaier lmk whenever u wanna play aram xd. i dont needa unpack childhood. guys have u ever heard someone say "put up the dishes". COME AND GO. idk who that is .. r u listening to my music rn . wtf yan i thought we were slotted for tonight. wtf yans cheating on us. thats okay me n yan r gonna sleep call anyway. this is yans only game. play a few witout me. i can play in a bitttt. @cum genshinerhonkaier aram with me and yan?. anyways who wanna play brawlstars. @Deleted User unfortunately something came up and i will not be able to make it this weekend.. im working on hw atm. what you need?. it's my time to inject steroids sourced from brazil. I am ok with either day. id rather saturday , but if ur jetlagged then we can do sunday. @Deleted User are we saturday or sunday. The saudi arabian club offer messi. its nba finals time bb. ;open legendary box. quaint hand gestures and all. I read it in sykkuno voice ngl. bro said this like the omw shortcut converting to On my way!. We can bring our gloves just in case. That’s all good. Gonna eat dinner with my mom tonigut. I cant get dinner tho. To where. I’m on the bus rn. Cause we about to ball. I just showered. Why you say it like this. I’m omw home. The ball arrived!. I’m tryna get the matcha cream pie. Where?. Anyone wanna come. Kinda wanna go to stonemill matcha. Not sure when. @cum queen whats the ball situation looking like. Gotta start watching mls for the goat. Messi going to miamis team. New york red bulls. New yorks mls team is called “red bulls”. If you’re not gaming to be angry, then why even bother. what game. Wait how could i forget about moonlight sunrise nvm. New uzi album is the best thing ive heard in years. bruh out here stealing my mans. im going back to ornn . 3 is that a bad sign for double up. my rng today about to make me kms. im almost done with my game. @cum herald dubble up?. Be on a little later. Cutch the goat fr. be back. we need to flame ppl more ig. and he just made 2 nice catches. i was flaming joc in the outfield. In baseball, a balk is a rules violation committed by the pitcher. It occurs when the pitcher makes an illegal motion or action while on the pitching mound, with runners on base. When a balk is called, any baserunners on the field are awarded an extra base. Here are some common situations that can result in a balk: Fake Pitch: If the pitcher starts his pitching motion but does not deliver the ball to the plate, it is considered a fake pitch and can be called a balk. Quick Pitch: When the pitcher throws the ball before the batter is fully prepared or expecting the pitch, it is called a quick pitch and can be considered a balk. Improper Pickoff Move: If the pitcher attempts a pickoff throw to a base but fails to follow specific rules governing pickoff moves, such as not stepping directly toward the base before throwing, it can be called a balk. Illegal Motion: Pitchers must abide by certain rules regarding their delivery to home plate. If they make an illegal motion, such as not coming to a complete stop in the set position or using deceptive movements, it can result in a balk. It's important to note that umpires have discretion in determining whether a pitcher's action constitutes a balk. The specific rules governing balks can vary slightly depending on the league or level of play, but the general concept remains the same.. You can't just be up there and just blockin' the plate like that. 1a. Blocking the plate is when you 1b. Okay well listen. Blocking the plate is when you block the 1c. Let me start over 1c-a. The catcher is not allowed to do a motion to the, uh, runner, that prohibits the runner from doing, you know, just trying to get to home wrong. You can't do that. 1c-b. Once the catcher is waiting for the ball, he can't be over here and say to the runner, like, "Uh uh, you can't come over this way! I'm gonna tag you out! You better watch your butt!" and then be there to catch the ball. 1c-b(1). Like, if you're about to get the ball and there isn't enough of a gap, you have to not be there. You cannot not stand there. Does that make any sense? 1c-b(2). You gotta be, giving enough of a lane, and then until you get the ball, not be in it. 1c-b(2)-a. Okay, well, you can stand there when you get the ball, like this, but then there's the lane you gotta think about. 1c-b(2)-b. John Boyega was so good in Attack the Block. I hope that whole Star Wars stuff didn't hurt his career. 1c-b(2)-b(i). Oh wait, he was in The Woman King too, glad he's still getting work. 1c-b(2)-b(ii). Really should watch that, only heard great things... 1c-b(3). Okay seriously though. Blocking the Plate is when the catcher stands in a place that, as determined by, doesn't let the runner have enough ways to 2) Do not block the plate please. (much love to Jon Bois for the OG, feels like blocking the plate rules are getting that convoluted...). can u chatgpt what is a balk for someone who doesn't play baseball. Balk Rules You can't just be up there and just doin' a balk like that. 1a. A balk is when you 1b. Okay well listen. A balk is when you balk the 1c. Let me start over 1c-a. The pitcher is not allowed to do a motion to the, uh, batter, that prohibits the batter from doing, you know, just trying to hit the ball. You can't do that. 1c-b. Once the pitcher is in the stretch, he can't be over here and say to the runner, like, "I'm gonna get ya! I'm gonna tag you out! You better watch your butt!" and then just be like he didn't even do that. 1c-b(1). Like, if you're about to pitch and then don't pitch, you have to still pitch. You cannot not pitch. Does that make any sense? 1c-b(2). You gotta be, throwing motion of the ball, and then, until you just throw it. 1c-b(2)-a. Okay, well, you can have the ball up here, like this, but then there's the balk you gotta think about. 1c-b(2)-b. Fairuza Balk hasn't been in any movies in forever. I hope she wasn't typecast as that racist lady in American History X. 1c-b(2)-b(i). Oh wait, she was in The Waterboy too! That would be even worse. 1c-b(2)-b(ii). "get in mah bellah" -- Adam Water, "The Waterboy." Haha, classic... 1c-b(3). Okay seriously though. A balk is when the pitcher makes a movement that, as determined by, when you do a move involving the baseball and field of Do not do a balk please. so like throwing a fake?. whats a bock. @cum jester screenshot harry's bereal. need the face. and like 15 cups of water. i shouldnt subsist off a bag of cashews. did u win at school. im out of school now bud. @cum queen hows school. then he can queue again in league. aaron should do it. IT goes hard u just sit here for 8 hours. honestly not that hard. the server can be inconsistent with runtimes. the problem was median of two sorted arrays. these are the same code. who the fuck cares about optimization amirite. i wanna leetcode till you're hard . cant help that there are no tickets. how bout u pay attention to work. WHAT THE FUCK. hope u pewish. lemme finish dis mishin. its bed time for me. That’s crazy. Perfect game and a maddux. apparently hes a piece of shit. history in oakland. yankees icing their own pitcher by having a long top of the 9th. never once bonking that shit back. he just let the fat animal stampede past him. just played with an orn who never once properly used his ult. @cum swirls byye. ok brb gl dont lose or i will come fondle your balls. on my phone. hi i'm like 50 steps from my house idk why i joined. idk what im doing. Me rn:. fly won, sad day for america. might solo lose fly this game. vicla is so bad. tl drafted negative dmg comp. snapped cheez it kinda goated. @cum genshinerhonkaier wanna awam?. That rocket went through his hitbox??. combined 1/12 in bounty. Ima be reading the reddit post about ohtanis contract. idk what he meant. Tag me when yan on. yan is not here. Everyone tdy?. what the fuck dude. youre a bitch. what. Ok, you finish Adam first. Im power league main. Only trio q tho. Ima get a custom giants ohtani jersey and wear it to the game. who wants to fucking game. you should give tickets to me. praying that shohei pitches on day. should i get tickets to angels giants. giants pitching today 17k 0 bb 0r. giants wildcard. dbacks beating the rays? yea division is cooked. Is that don mattingly. bailey is him. wat about tomorrow. wait nvm cant lmao. Im down to grab dinner. But I will leave tonight. I’m home cause the car is being worked on. @cum king y r u still home. it do be typical yan. tbh probably not gonna go btw LOL. too real. typical yan response. Giga tired so will not be going. we could do a little dinner date after too???. if u want to ball after that. if you want to ball after that. who wants to ball. scrub move tbh. shoulda called in. Lous is hella busy. hope ur lou's was bussingly bussing. but it's 8mins walking from my work. there's a lou's on pine. Bouta just pretend we hung out by getting lous on the same day. that shit was stupid. did u guys watch the end of the angels white sox game. i was also gonna suggest lous lul. ok sounds good. @Deleted User Lou’s at 11:30 tmr if anyone wants to come. Geary right?. yea thats fine with me. No like leaving the house. So maybe meet there at 11:30?. what time you want. But I plan on heading out at 11. So if they don’t respond. did this guy ask for reccs and dip??. its like 3 blocks away. this guy could actually walk to lous from work. Wait yan when is your lunch break. @cum herald. when we going boys. I’m down for lous lmfao. everythingh. Any Lous sandwich reccs?. Where at. we could grab like brunch before u leave. Was planning late morning. i worky till 5. he goes back tmr. when do u go back to davis @cum king. Lamest human alive tbh. Lunch tmr?. July 14. Literally tmr. Wait when you leave for Irvine. It’s cold. Bro. o. Nor do I have my computer at home. I am not home. I’m busy tmr too. Idr their bathrooms. y the bathroom look so fucking nice wtf. im at pho tasty. neext time. Cant tmr. @Deleted User wanna hangout tmrw lmao. so tmrw?. i start work monday. I leave Tuesday. Where. so now we eating in davis. we went to sacramento for rafting for bday. @cum king im in davis. Makes it sound like a soccer game. British broadcast of the cubs cards game is actually kinda cool. matos homerun im cumming. You fucking boomer. Had to search up what tfti meant. Tfti. Tf. Got to see the giants but missed flyquest going 0-6. Well to be fair the giants had that one play a week ago. Judge really chose the wrong team. Id do that if i were angels. In their farm. like a father carrying their deceased son to exodus from his mortal coil. to brothers. can someone carry me there. ohtani's going to the toronto blue jays. And it’s your fault. Ohtani is going to the dodgers. @Deleted User I am going to be late and may miss lunch. put him in family guy. who . Why is there a new bot. @cum jester what time brothers. u can show up to brothers and not get anything babe. what time for sure. we catch. brothers at 1 be there or giants dont get ohtani. @cum goodnight. brothers at 1 be there or giants dont get ohtani. @cum lord get lunch tmr bitch. is right there. :o. @cum king coming tmrw? we can push back time to accomodate. yea they're open tmrw. we know for sure if they are open tomorrow?. yea thats fine with me. or we can push those times forward an hour. then catch at 1?. @cum queen brothers what time. @Deleted User when are you guys doing catch. Throws high 90s , his fastball looks good. This dude went to alameda hs in oakland and graduated same year as us. What the. This is criminal. The fucking pic lmfao. This one. I saw one something like “me going for the billionaires wallets” . at least it was fast. at least they died quick. oh its the old folks. wait who is on their team?. @cum lord did you ever watch el camino?. 4 stacked 100T against rush ashe supp. whenever u two r free i guess. aight lmao when. as it should ne. @cum herald our bereal relationship is just yan reacting to each other everyday lmao. thats actually so cringe. cringe weeb. bruh i just played with a dude with a japanese name and he spoke spanish. the 10th. or they ingested green playdoh formed into noodles. their vomit still looks like a dude blowing the hulk. but discord gotta do almond eyes for whatever reason. but discord fucks it hard. on the iphone it looks great. thas what im saying. That is horrendous. Oh what the. dont use that on discord its so ugly. @cum king Oop forgot to tell you that I went to eat dinner. as two chinese boys. women are sus. Still on the fence about women tho. I was angry and said things I shouldn’t have. I would like to apologize for my hurtful messages. go back in the kitchen you whores. and neither get support. jajaja two fucking women on my team that can only play support. svp or mvp every match. look at my match history. and fucking spritns it to slose the ame. thinks hes fucking uzsi. let's play bejeweled instead. i hate chinese ppl. stupid ass chinese fuckers. why do i play this game. im about to say the n word. they dont call me cum king for nothing even tho i bestowed that name myself. nice hat tho. bro @cum king i think u got cum on ur chin. AND THEN I GO RANKED AND 50. holy fuck wild rift norms are going to drive me to commit war crimes. Oriana is strong. Day for americans. Thoughts?. hat. photo shope. if you want can you send your pfp to me. @cum queen where you get that hat. what the fuck. how he has positive war is beyond me. his bbref. Is the future. they need a really good catcher. Only judge not gonna work. Giants need more bats. that team is dogass. but maybe it wasnt confirmed yet lmao. this espn article from nov 10th. i have not been keeping up with the offseason. Just found out. Literally. youre lying. please. Wait wtf i didnt know he just signed with the rangers today. Does this mean the mets think they r out of the degrom race?. I will be so sad if they are only able to get judge. this lineup sucks cock. I will kms. If the giants get judged and this is the lineup. i was just missing the stache tbh. Just missing the absolutely bulging veiny cock. I saw that shit instantly. I must be mentally I’ll. ohh now i barely see it. The one piece is real. sorry i mean to say the vulva. im playing with some ppl sry. Hope he found a club that treats him right. Qliang prolly left us. Seamen is dead. I haven’t opened that app in months. he seems cool. has anyone tried the new brawlstars brawler btw. this vayne top cries cus i dont drop herald at her 250 hp tower. but this fucking ashe was hitting the cannon the whole time. shit looks the same. i dont see anything. i do see the font change. now that u mention it. reads all the same tho. it's slightly different imo. do you notice the font change. it is fixed. oh ofc. Ok yea I haven’t updated my app. maybe the phone isnt updated?. i swear its fucking different. send a screenshot of yours. No? Never really thought about the font so I guess my input doesn’t help much. idk the font is definitely different for me. Is it just for you?. I don’t see/feel the change. for some reason is fucking ugly to me. bro this font. also why is my discord font wacky. what did he do. Ig username is getting changed to a filler until a new name comes up. Kanye has crossed the last line. I have not laughed that hard in a while. I spent last night going through r/okbuddychicanery. Swear they had one of these during worlds. How we miss this lcs match???. jazz but not really. just add alt to the front of every genre u know and you'll double what u know. mine said i explored 32 different genres of music. First two is just ??? And then night is so straight forward. This is what my day sounded like in 2022. What about yours? #SpotifyWrapped. that's just the vibe i get. u do seem like you'd be favorable of the autumn seasonal drink pumpkin spice latte. Lw hyped, just hoping now that I won’t be let down. I will have to give it a listen. Bruh what is this suppose to even mean??. but the acoustic version of before is good. SHIT IS NOT GAS. and i like the song. i was so hyped. @cum pedophile niki sang youll be in my heart by phil collins. now im thinnking wtf did i listen to in the mornings. i also got sad boi. I do be feeling vulnerable in the mornings tho. maybe he cheated with his psychic powers. stronger than me. this mf mob did 35 pushups in a row. not home rn. ya u gotta book it and that shit is sold out for the next month. Ohhh you mean which Aaron I see. Wait what?. but i was in fact talking about u. i didnt specify which. Look bussin bussin tho. This shit looks expensive. no but looks fancy. have u guys been to san ho won. i dont think im in there. @cum herald i ready. do u wanna play ranked over watch with us lol. pretty cool show. i just finished s1. mob psycho is rly good. Nuguri retired wtf. FQ first seed. @everyone ^^. Eating. Good with me. im fine with anything. @cum king @cum herald @cum queen y’all fine with this?. And a bit later so everyone can sleep in an extra 30min lol. Slightly better seats at the 12pm showingcloser to center so imma grab those. Where y’all wanna sit. and got tickets night of. we went to stones for black panther. Idk why the website said they weren’t before. But turns out stones is showing. No it was. ill drive then lol. for some reason i thought it was at daly city. o. The movie is at stones. are we going stones after?. Wow what a gut bustingly hilarious joke. Same as we planned before. 11:30, 12, or 3:30. Also what time. So we can get a large popcorn for the price of a medium. Do you wanna buy tickets with your super saver account . nothing to do in daly city. Would we rather watch at stones. Idk why it didn’t show up before. Stones is showing black panther lmfao. That’s a me baby . We all know who holds that title. I mean obviously?. and ansel. happy thanksgiving hos and sluts. ITS SPANKSGIVING  BITCHESOn this day  many years ago  the SLUTTY  PILGRIMS  sailed  across the ASSlantic  HOEcean in a quest to find  more  COCKS  to SUCK!  Together with the  NAUGHTY  NATIVES , they gathered  around the dinner table  and had  our nation’s very 1st GANG BANG!  We honor  their ORGY  every year  by giving THANKS  to all  that’s important  to us: Family , Friends , Freedom , and DICK!  So grab your BUNS, squeeze those BREASTS,  and shove a cornaCOPIOUS  amount of DICK   into that hungry  hungry HOLE!  Ladies , just like your  THOTSgiving  turkey, it’s time  to throw your legs in the air and prepare to get  STUFFED ! After dinner,it’s time  for CUMPKIN PIE!!  Show Daddy  how  thankful  you are and LICKK  his WishBONE  until he gets as HARD as PlyMOUTH rock  and shoots  his HOMEADE GRAVY !  Midnight  starts  BLACK  FRIDAY  so send  this to  THOTS you are thankful  for! If you get 0 back, sail  to England  If you get 5 back, you’ll be getting your corn  CREAMED . Get  back or more, and the  BIGGEST,  GIRTHIEST, BLACK FRIDAY  COCK  is CUMMING YOUR WAY AT MIDNIGHT . u r so right in saying this. Also judge isn’t even gonna be the best Aaron on the team after we join. Don’t make me take that away. Why you @ing everyone. mostly about getting seats. Or will it be fine the day off. You guys think we need to get tickets online?. Fuck this champ. Also ive played like 7 one for all game and i just got my third kata game. How miserable do u have to be to do that in a one for all game. The two mundo ran it down mid for the entire game. Two people picked mundo and one guy annie and no one else voted and we got annie. Yea this games ranked system is a joke. Theyre killing the esports in western regions too. Only supporting asia. @everyone. Sub 50 winrate. That ranked is so rigged. I’ve found ultimate proof. Hmmm will he perform under pressure?. cause they dont have the money to pay them. and all their players want out. they win a chip. bruh im right there with you. damn we never stated anything that we said as jokes. for legal purposes that was a joke. Watchout wildrift. I am gonna turn into this fucker. You’re gonna have a joker arc from this game. Wild rift bad for mental health. I actively ran it down top graves for 10 straight games playing graves top last week and my stats still dwarf his. How am i even in queue with him. Getting flamed by this weirdo. Like i start the game 1-0-3 and end it with like 10 deaths bcus laners giga int and yasuo fucks all our asses in teamfights. The only reason we won that draven top lane cus i fed him kills and he didnt run it. Or literally throw it away. 0 impact role if ur laners just do nothing with lead. Shits no use. Im running it down every game jungling for now on. And its bcus “jg blind”. He hard stoped every fight. Trynd still runs it down to yasuo despite being ahead. I gank top bot amd get them each a kill early. Holy shit that comp sucks so much. I alr know im getting blamed for him going 0-3 in 2 mins. i dont even think mf bought anti heal. They’re rarely good enough to actually do anything. Idk why there are so many players that take adcs top. And cries that im not there to help. Playing cait top. And so i decide not to and let him be. This mf cries when i gank him. im depressed also. im depressed now. I wont be able to hsngout this week. are we vcing or what?. @cum herald. I just fucking split push all game and let them cry. And his duo queue cock sucker aatrox says im bad?. And i cant fucking play the game. Vs a naut samira lane when in playing vayne. i had 2 egirls on my team. Says “free top” and leaves lane forever. Dies to a gank my rammus lvl3. Runs it down lvl1 takes all fruits. This fucking blitz i have on my team. Wait nvm stones will prolly be packed. Can still shop?. If we’re bussin then back to stones for food? . then drive to ur house and just park my car there. the hands are so good. kid probably cried to his mom. he fuckin killed his friend right in front of him. everyone votes out the whiny kids i guess lmao. Movie then lunch. we meet at the theatre 11:30. yer so kenneth harry myself figure something out, u three figure something out. but ya save ur crystals for battle pass. when u get 100 u can trade for a character ticket to unlock iida denki or tendo. its their dupe currency. you can get premium currency from event shop. save your gems for battle pass. rn u can only get 3 characters from gacha. she has ranged lifeline passive. 3 players. so like how many players can we have in a squad. shweet. LOL yea im down whenever. it's mha battle royale. What’s that. later tonight. @cum goodnight @cum queen wanna try my hero ultra rumble. @cum goodnight. this is what i asked kenny LOL. @cum herald 11 at kennys tmr if you want to come. what time are u awake. Can you guys meet at my place?. outplayed. fleeced that bum. and i told him id be down to wait for that auction to end so we have a more updated price on how much the card is, or i can buy it now. we eventually agreed on 290$ and the auction just ended today and the card sold for $420. and i also showed him that the same card was also bidding on ebay with 2 days left and at the time the current price was $150. and i showed him that the same card sold 2 weeks ago for $240 and i was willing to buy for $280. and we were tryna come to an agreeable price. so i bought this card from a dude 2 days ago. thanks  . and i got an automated response. i always reply with some shit like that with the "Go Aggies!" at the end . dude i just wanted to congratulate you. ive had a couple ppl from davis connect with me then dm me asking if i want a side income opportunity with some small up coming company their apart in. > Hi Aaron, > > Sorry unfortunately I am very busy > right now and cannot respond to > you. I wish you the best of luck on > your future endevors. > > Go Aggies!. the fuck is this. Ill stop watching baseball if the giants dont have a good roster within the next 2 years. bucks 4 life. i am taking my talents to milwaukee. i will no longer be a fan of the san francisco giants. if i dont read the words "ohtani signs with the san francisco giants" soon. At least do it in the offseason. Tbh i dont rly like the move. What a day for san francisco. didnt even wait till the end of the season. Exactly. gave this man some mediocre ass rosters and then unhappy with mediocre results. Yea they have to have someone big lined up. thats a weird move lol. Fired. wtf is wrong with you two. i cancelled my nitro and i miss being able to use emotes from other servers and animated ones. omg happy birthday @everyone. caedral moving away from casting to full time stream. thank god the internet is anonymous. Guys wish our favorite slut a happy bday. whatever. ill just listen through my mac audio. it's saying the page doesnt exist. learn what to do if your mac isnt detecting your hdmi device. and the part where it's like. the top or bottom loll. which one is display port?. u might not have the adapter. i dont think i can plug in display port. displayport > hdmi. one or the other. thats display port. lmao the support page for hdmi devices isnt valid. but i still have 2 unused cords. and i plugged in this other weird thing. connecting. what are u using for. only shows the mac audio. yea i can but the thing is that the monitor doesnt even show there. but cant u choose the default audio output device. idk much about mac. lmfao are you using ansel for free IT help. cus the audio is still coming out of my mac. @cum jester is there like a sound cable thing i have to connect my monitor to my mac. what time. this is my greatest accomplishment. Yea i think i need to buy apple official hdmi port. just checked should be compatible. also idk if macbook does well with displayport if you're using that. forgot which is best. navigate thru the monitor menu and change the color profile. should be buttons on the monitor. the colors are so weird. Nvm got it to have it but the colors r weird still. It doesnt display the windows. I didnt know until he put his little sticker on the box. damn u owned his ass. Right in front of the first guy. But i couldn’t find it and went and asked another dude. And i originally told a dude i didn’t need help and i could find it myself. yea microcenter's pretty goated. And i think if a sales guy helps u, he gets extra points or whatever. Bruh i went to this place called microcenter. Been debating for too long. Can my desk fit a monitor?. You just mad that I’m famous. this guy recognizes a name aaron wong?. Yea he seems chill. and they seemed to get along. but my friend did. i never worked iwth him directly. Is he smart. yea he was in senior design with me. dang small world wtf. but yea recognize the name. Sat next to me. well not really know him. whats his name. Or at least he recognizes ur name. youre lying. Said he knows u. @cum king met a guy in my program who graduated cs davis. Its pretty cool show. Wait Ryan Reynolds actually owns the team?. Wait it’s a real team?. I thought we would keep it a secret. i told my mom about us. Welcome to wrexham. Theres another soccer american show. @cum king did u ask if im excited. knight covers f7. oh he can escape to f7. you mean re8 check?. right?. rook check works too. o wait didnt account for ur knight. its not the best move but its such a baller one lmfao. if they take with anything its mate. idk how to count. and if queen take mate in 4?. actually crazy. wow u'd be up a rook at the end of exchange no matter what. this is one of the most absurd moves ive ever seen. Traded for literally this. Its over. what the fuck. small world. i remember that. and u said we were in the shower together. when koby asked if we were in the same house. and i asked which message. but i left it a while ago so he saw old messages. "are u a uc davis alum i see you in the money ball discord". and this random guy dms me and said. so im in this sports card discord. The padres caught up with the giants. SO IT WOULDNT?? HAVE MADE? ? A DIF NRE TR?T? CE?. IN THE ORANGE ROOM. BC THERES THE YELLOW PLANT. Dang pretty cool. youre a whore. I’m off for the night. then get back on. they did like a video projection onto water streams. that was actually really cool. we watched a water/light show. didnt know it was only weekends and friday. they also didnt have fireworks the day we went. Did you go to both parks?. and matterhorn. we missed star tours. most of the big ones. Did you do all the rides?. Next time. we couldve had a sleep over party. I would’ve told you but we kinda had a packed schedule. Didn’t get to do the cars one which was unfortunate. Guardians of the galaxy also cool. i havent been there. Incredicoaster is cool. o. I only did California adventure park. what r ur favorite rides. @cum genshinerhonkaier tools up?. U go to disney?. But they kneel’d it out bcus of respect. With a fieldgoal. They couldve tied the record at the end. @cum lord bruh this dolphins broncos score. we can talk all about ur adventures. wanna hang out tmrw. Want to wait for the Smokey air to pass. I’m down for next week. What’re we planning?. @cum king when u back. @cum pedophile free sunday?. coolshooter32#9012. thanks bro. @cum pedophile i would do u. nah maple fr aint his vibe tho. might as well play maple if u wanna grind. or like the average between people in the party. does it scale with the upper level character in a party. what up gamers. Most talked about baseball event. We witnessed history. but ansel helped me out earlier. oh i just needed help solving some chess puzzles for clash royale. wish the taco itself was a little thicker tbh. place called TacoBar. some place on fillmore. Where from. hi sry will join in a bit. me neither. terrible player. leads the league in caught stealing. I knew he was special when i drafted him in fantasy last year. Giants need to trade for bobby witt jr. why the fuck is ablazeolive in my aram. Just saw it in my photos. U remember this @cum king. thats facts actually. saw a comment saying puka nacua sounds like a bionicle name. hello gamer nation. does that mean no fortnite. any fortniters. you're good enough to me. what do you think of this pick up line for the boys. @cum genshinerhonkaier "fortnite more like ill force myself onto you tonight" - yan. yea down where. but what is that ending. whos afraid of the big bad wolf not me not me. fire beats, good lyrics. Show this to the kids lmfao. we are not the same. i'll sweep him off his feet. ill pick him up. They better have maimai machines. this shit gonna take yearssss. there better be punch machines. big stonestown W tho. free stats yippeee. apparently right side piece event hasn't come yet. this event?. i did the left side piece but idk if the right side piece is out. is the crafting event still out? the right side piece?. but no i havent been playing. omg how could u. i want summer luluca but i dont wanna refresh. she's hot tho. U THINK IMA WHALE?!. Giants lineup actually pretty good. cant wait to hang out with u. @cum herald do u still want hmag. im still at work. omg he shared. You want a crib tour?. I am cleaning my apartment. he is my rock. 4 mentions without even needing to scroll up . aaron's in such high demand. @cum king give me your location so i can properly set up an alcove to spy on your every activity. whered u go. well get to knowing!. LMAO MY FRIEND TOLD ME TO PLAY IT FROM HER ACCOUNT. THAT GAME IS WILD LMAO. why yucky. its okay he can coparent urs. no he's too busy being a WHORE. dont stay out too late . what animole. are u parenting salami with me. Hi, there! Let's raise a cute pet together! Tap the link above and join the co-parenting in Widgetable app!. Hi, there! Let's raise a cute pet together! Tap the link above and join the co-parenting in Widgetable app!. someone coparent a pet with me neow. I have a gift for you! Download Widgetable to get a pet egg and hatch cute pets with me~ Click the link below and fill in my invitation code [VYBZPZV] to get it.. do u have an iphone. @cum king do u wanna coparent a pet with me. guys do u eat cake with forks or spoons. @everyone LOOK AT THIS FREAK. watching brother oz. thot i was dming my brother lol!. bush portal. my brother...... u can jump down to bush. still at work. and dont ever let me catch you slacking. get your head in the fucking game. right. we have bot chat for this shit. not very since ur not here. let's listen to hit Pokemon Collab song with ENHYPEN. what an abb. harry is so popular. why does harry have a dragon kink. i cant believe he made a song just 4 me.. can u shave ur heads. we all know the best song is seven by jungkook. Gimme a sec I’ll be on. What game. yo mommas house. We could go on a coffee date . You want some coffee. @cum pedophile u sound like the jett who says “shuts it for u”. going to bed?. what time have u been going to bed recently. and i woke up at 11:30. and then my body was like oh its nap time. i went to bed at 10 cause i was sleepy. its so bad rn. in an attempt to fix my sleep schedule i am going to try to stay up. what for. up so early. ur up so early. anyways i'll make the bot lata. but wud u commit a murder in a discord call. u can join from anywhere tho. that way when we commit murder we can join the call and have an alibi from the bot. make a bot that says goodbye and hello when we enter call. my thunb going hyperdrive. i needa write a script for this shit. wtf it's not letting me place. SCRABBLE IS TOO HARD. call more dead than the great aunt where everyone go . when did aaron leave the call. also how’s irvine. who the fuck knows gold glovers. @cum lord grid is fucked. we just know big black ass when we see it. idk what that says about us aaron. kenny's playing gunfire reborn. just background noise yknow what i mean.. who u talkin to. ANGEL CLIP IT AND SEND IT. how many more episodes. ty for da showing. they killed gwandma. they shoulda killed her off. he do be the cook. who the heck is the cook?. to be mayor's wife. no the politician's wife. main characters mom?. thought he was sidekick. ya the mom. idek what the cook did. im leaning towards girlboss. i believe it's either the girlboss mother or the cook who is t he evil mastermind.. luigi shoulda revoked her mortal coil. they shoulda let her disease kill her. uhhh from my memory not really. i h8 this brat. @cum pedophile does the younger sister become a better character. i hate her coworker. it's That Bitch. they have a new tv. i need more action i need someone to die right neow. oh we wwere not on the same page. i liked 20th century girl. but before that it was good :). the ending was ASS. been watching beauty inside and king the land. is 20th century girl good?. i take this back a little. did u watch 20th century girl. its just like what was the point of all this then. at the end. does that mean it's bad. didnt really like the ending. what wud u rate the show. shes clearly alive. but bestie is already Ded. ya this is like episode 5. wait this is still pretty early on in the season. welcome @cum pedophile. oh to have someone steal my identity and put 70 billion won across 7 banks for me. i love english dialogue in kdramas. im not even watching it. my first time with you yan. i cant tell if the wife is evil or not _. ya it my first time. is it your guys first time watching?. why the wife kinda slaying. because you cant talk during the movie. whyre we all muted?. omg its the guy from squid game. what else is there to do  . so early. and started gaming?. ansel and angel were up at 8. little women is a good show. we actually went to bed fairly early yesterday. and the police officer from squid game. and there's a hot chef. a story about 3 sisters and money w. we're watching Little Women episode 4. pls respond or i will kms. @cum pedophile heyyyy. @cum herald go back to ur corner. @cum king where'd you go. which cream puff was it. their cream puffs were fire too. where everyone at @cum goodnight @cum queen @cum genshinerhonkaier. my b ppl were over. im on bois. up to you guys. @cum herald@cum goodnightgame. im down to run it now. @cum herald are u even home . up to you guys. when r we playing borderlands. when r we playing borderlands @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum goodnight @cum queen. to fully assimilate. I feel very uncomfortable and not safe. Padres and dodgers shit all over irvine . valowant is so easy. yes unrated for the cat. we will run unrated for u. IM NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR THAT WYM. we ranking tho. @cum herald. Was a crazy travel day. seamen club actually . this is the most impossible grid ever. seamen clan. Thank you for welcoming me into the seamen clan. Cum Swirls . what you want your nickname to be lol. Can I voice a request to the cum council. we can try for after i pick up my dad. and then might have something after, but not set in stone. i have to pick up my dad in an hour. depending on whhat time we start the movie. what's ur excuse now. update: idk if i have time for the entire movie today. but i dont want to be too excited in the case that the movie turns out to be poopie. youre making me excited too. i can feel your excitement through the screen. GUYS IM DOWN TO WATCH TRANSFORMERS BEAST WARS. Can watch beast wars today. you know what the ive song makes me think. "ill be back on later and we can watch beast wars". But like what about ive new song. going outside. @cum genshinerhonkaier @cum goodnight @cum herald borderlands when. @cum goodnight@cum herald@cum queen bowdewwands thwee. its so late for u. and am just parroting ur thoughts. i was actually eavesdropping on ur convo. wait me n my friend were literally saying that. nmixx song sounds kinda like something twice would release. this song is good. why is gidle song uploaded by 88rising. it is if they’re that good . but its not part of the song. but their OUTFITS. nmixx new song is summery but they have a specific sound yknow not for everyone. mv is long tho . i think gidles new song is a good change of pace from their recent releases. which ones are worth listening to. i dont got time for that. no wtf theres hella new songs. and and and and new nmixx song. and new gidle song. i think its a gud song. nothing special tho. its nice. thots. @cum king did u listen to junglecocks new song. he just continued sleepingh. the only reason why we were dying tho was cause there was no reaction. or maybe me LOL. i think it was yan or harry. kennys dad was asleep at the table and someone hit him with the really light frisbee. yea i dont think you were there ansel. That game. Last round the 2nd place guy gets a tsumo yakuman for 64K. Can u fucking believe i lost this. Like they’re not only 1.5 games up on 10th. Damn r/nba is slobbering on warriors cock rn. what happened. tell ur school sooner and longer. or 4. @cum king spring break when. when he nut but she keep suckin. aint no way. i was rooting for the guy but alas. is the distraction working. is she winning. with a keen eye might i add. studying the thing we discussed in private. go to bed. @cum jester what you doing up so late. so i will update u guys when i get my new phone tmr. my phone got stolen in san diego on friday lul. Choked a 20k lead on last round. Cant believe i cane back from that. glad none of my professors used this. this looks very homosexual. for textbook and proctored exams. there are add ons too. if pro. Was around start of covid. Google survey . Wtf you pay for a whole year or smth?. 10? Wtf i remember paying around 80. my software engineering final was conducted on google survey. Yea its not cheap either. It’s wack. At least one of my stats class my prof used top hat and we had to pay. U gotta pay for tophat im pretty sure. hat. tf is tophot. Fuck that. Wait tophat. what did he do before. what the heck. Was so clutch i wouldve cried if that broke my streak cus i need 1 more for 10 2nd +. bro if he drew the 3 u woulda been so fucked. On a 3 that had 1 tile left. drained everyone of their points sheesh. I fucking double tsumo on last round double east chair to win. Heart of the cards. yea that was earlier kek. Not that. broooo let's fucking go. But i said fuck it and it actually came. I get riichi but i need a 3 character and theres literally only 1 left cus someone pon’d it early. And since i won on double east it goes again. I won with tsumo on i think around a 13k round. I was 4th place down 20k to first going into last round but i was on double east seat. @cum jester dude holy shit. clutch. Last round and the 2nd place guy got riichi 2 turns before me. My god heart attack. and i was one tile away from riichi with none of the winning tiles being played. the fucker got tsumo. i was so close. one mf got turn 4 riichi its over. pretty good opening. withing for bronze noobs. might play a bronze match. im 1 win away in 4s to 5 straight. In both gamemodes. 10 straight 2nd or above. Like 5 straight first place. In 4s and 3s. Its a bunch of things u gotta do. U have to do the achievement. how many do u need for that. Im trying to get the win streak title. yea whenever i'd play 3s with my grandparents i'd just lose bc i'd still go for big hands. Somehow. Even the times i get riichi first i lose. Its just whoever has best start. people get hands so easily. Since it goes so fast. 3s is rough. Its even less strategy. guy went into negative currency. funny thing is he can't leave since the game ended. Double ron round 1 so sad. round one lmfao  @cum lord. guy had the god draw and ended with this shit LOL. bro's throwing out the 13 orphans. well regardless ended first. BRO HAD 4 OF THEM IN HAND IT'S SO FUCKED. IT SAYS 4 LEFT. WHERE IS MY TILE. went into riichi with 40 tiles left. ron = win off a discard, tsumo = win off draw. I forget what its called when u pick it up. But the first place guy picked up his winner before we got our riichi in the first 2 games. All 3 games me and second place guy had riichi. And second was 1k away. 14 random tiles are put there after all. yea i think that can happen. it was probably a covered dora. everyone had tenpai?. And game ended in a draw and no one else had it in their hand. Said there r 3 copies left. I was on riichi and needed 9 bamboo. that's a lot of words. Why is it some peoples wins on their profile, they have the cat sunglasses icon. Yea it happens. sucks to be that guy. And it was like 3 turns after the first guy. the only reason my power is so high is bc i never win. That triple riichi i was the second to call it. most of mahjong is just not losing. But i never discard my hand to play defensively. that's good. Yea i rarely play into someone else. defense is from not playing into someone else's tsumo. And whateve rrules my friends were playing. I dont even know why my defense is so high. Different than what i played irl. Im getting the hang of it. better than mine for sure. honestly good stats. my win rate is close to 0 but i do be getting big hands lmfao. Whats power. just know if your power is less than 100 you have less respect from me tho. hey a win's a win. Although theyre all small points. I riichi all 4 games and won them all. sheesh pure sequence. Won the triple riichi @cum jester. Turn 4 riichi. He fucking stayed last cus he was so far behind. But the last place guy with literally nothing to gain calls richi. Fighting for first on last round. losing to a shitter hand is the worst feeling. He took it from me too so 2000 point swing. He beat me by 1000 points to get first since he won last game too. Was literally the game changer. And lost to that stupid shit. Fucking whatever man had richii. And end up 4th. Lmao that happens to me until last match i get fucked. sometimes i just go second by not losing. this game gives me depression. U should play @cum king. Where her clothes at wtf. back on the lose streak baby. well dont chii or pon unless you're set on what you're doing. I know the secrets now. Dam so good players dont chii pon or kan. my call rate's 58.74%. call rate means you're not drawing, instead you're doing chii/pon/kan which means you're not drawing. oh it is what i thought it was. deal in rate is how often someone wins off of your discards. apparently calling is riichi. or something. whenever u pon/chi/kan/riichi. Mine is 68% and apparently thst is shit lmao. @cum jester wtf is call rate. my win rate. I was at 2100 then won last 2 sets. got robbed by a 1300 hand. i hang onto dragons a little too long. Sometimes id sit on 1 copy of the green one thinking id draw another one just for it to never show anywhere. It feels so bad to pong or chi stuff just to not have any dragons to win you the game. Or at least second. Ive found that trying to go for riichi every game usually gets u wins. on a 3 win streak . Wouldve been 2 wins in a row. I lost my lead. The last hane. just know what you're going for. there are situations where u pon even tho u can kan. So no point in kan in the start. but normally u just kan to draw more. I kan in start hoping i could draw into some dragons. u still can't kan tho. i think it would. Would it count. If i had the 4 nines in hand. That shiuld count tho. wait seven pairs is a fully concealed hand. I fucking lost my first place by like 300 point cus that game ended in an exhaustive draw. This not being 7 pairs is an absolute crime. well there'll still be a charcuterie board of amuse bouches. then its not a picnic. wanna have a picnic indoors bro. and flies. eat it inside. eating outdoors is trash. platonic of course. im playing shitter hands to win now. I be losing too. This mf crying rn. Cursed. the reason for that in this case is because you previously discarded the tile that would make your hand winning. it means you HAVE TO tsumo (self-draw) to win. btw if you're wondering what furiten means. i mean early on it's definitely the right call to discard non-seat/prevalent winds. the discarded south. the difference betweeen full flush and half flush is 6 han vs 3 han. half flush is one type of 1-9 tiles WITH honor tiles (winds, dragons). full flush consists of one type of 1-9 tiles. unlucky, but it happens . it would. Would that be a half flush?. bro it's always the shitter hands. @cum queen can u play this amd stream for us to see. just keep some hands in mind so you know you can build towards them. then there's big/little winds and dragons. you can do all terminals with honor tiles too btw. all honors. there's all terminals. seven pairs is useful to know. Too lazy to learn the rest. And the flush. Only all simple 13 orphans lol. Idk any of the combos. 4th place. I have a 40%. I rly like that anime, sad i missed the event. yea i missed that :/. Dudes using it in the leaderboard. Theres the kaji skin. at least u are a hot anime woman. guy on your left probably was also playing Man. @cum jester this ended in a draw. Man i still dont think i have over 1000 games on all my accounts combindd. Lmao i remember that. Like how am I getting flamed for putting this performance up. I mean he’s right but it’s rich coming from him. Accusing me of “sitting on my ass all day”. Bro has 2k wild rift games. Says I have no life. This dude adds me after we lost. game's too simple. Pretty sick. was there a dope animation. Holy shitp. and a pair of something. one of each honor tile. So 13 orphans is. pog good to hear. Reservation was clutch. It was bussin’ bussin’ @cum jester. but not crunchy. very thin crepe. its like a crepe. naw it's more like a tortilla. wait its like rice paper?. If its bad u gotta venmo me for the cost. Thnx 4 recommendation. lmk how duck is. bc my hip flexors are also stiff asf. also ur stomach jutting out probably due to bad posture. bullying works. the thin pekking duck wraps r so good. hope u get one bc only 20/day. DAM ok ill call then. u need to reserve a duck in advance tho. Chili House SF @cum lord. i think there's a place on clement. the thin one? as in the one you wrap and not a bun?. Guess you gotta go back to get it. Yea me too i only seen it in taiwan. Thicc. All the Peking suck with buns I’ve seen the buns are dummy thick. Idk any places that sell the thin one. And the thick one is cantonese style she said. Its super thin. So the bun they use isnt the thick one. The thing is cece likes the beijing dtyle or whatever. Bro that’s gonna be expensive wheeever you go. Heard it’s expensive tho. @cum herald. Harry went recently. yea agree. i wil not remove. i almost commented but i ran the simulation and felt i was gonna get removed again. appreciate that. thank you. u lookin submissive and breedable in ur bereal. it is a necessary evil. @cum jester comment bussin bussin on harrys bereal. his worlds performance. Idk how ppl do it. This hobby is expensive asf. Im gonma end up buying those two then giving up. But wtf is a pcb board. Prob the purple. I was thinking that or the grey. another shade of purple lol. Idk what switches feel / sounds good. Those r sexy. What goes good with purple keycaps. Havent decided the color. what color is your keyboard. They all have weird ass names. Like how tf do i decide the switches. Finding each piece of a keyboard is a pain. I havent been communicating in english for the past 2.5 weeks so im a little rusty. O i had just woke up from a nap when i. read that message as referring to a specific johnny sins video. oh it's english. an hour ago. the one where he's bald. which one. me showing a johnny sins video. nvm didnt know its a toggle. where tf did the online/offline sidebar go. @cum herald. naw i've just seen the inside. Do u both go there?. are u just gonna go in for wrist. Im tired of my girlfriend thinking that i cant outplay those frisbee frauds if i am in shape. and it's relatively small. it's next to little sweet. Is it nice. i goto sunset gym on 9th and irving. yes i am in pokimane discord server. and would fulfill the male giant on lesser-in-size being fantasy that some have. theyre both boomers. this is true. fr scarra and yan got the same vibe. i would watch yan and scarra sex vid. U would fit in to otv or something should apply. Day 1 of asking yan to strram. u r the wack one. Whack. for a bit. Wait was it showing that I was typing?. sorry yan u can type. You’re North Korean. You’re better than Korean. Also Zac is meta. im basically korean. dude im so ahead of the meta. And they’re planning on needing it smh. Bro, everyone be building radiant virtue now. just like how me and genghis gonna go down on yan. deserves the double pin. we thinkin the same. look at this. youre so sussy yan. Wait that sounds wrong. I want to know whether I have genghis khan in me. but it would be such a huge waste of money to find out im like 2% not chinese. Immediately starts speaking in African accent. Ngl kinda interested in taking one. or maybe youll have to call me a good mexican boy. yeah we should all take dna tests to confirm that were chinese. Ok, chinese was an unnecessary adjective there. Unless I think that the job will stay within the bounds of a good Chinese boy. I surely will not tell them about it. i cant change my line of work?. It’s too late. They know you’re cs already. show them our chatlogs. For the charades part. Not a bad idea, but never gonna happen. fine tell them im a drug dealer. Which just makes it seem like you’re a pervert and not a sex worker. Other than basically say you do perverted acts. a little charades to transcend the language barrier. act it out. And even if I wanted to, idek how to say it in Chinese. and film her reaction. tell her im a sex worker. Prolly worry for you, like be careful in that neighborhood. Cuz you’re Chinese. if i was from a predominantly black neighborhood would she think differently?. And that you guys are the usual gang. Granted they don’t know much about you all other than the district you live in. due to the false information that i feed them. my parents are extremely wary of you. You all are currently in good standing. besides im the best at sex. @cum pedophile what is ur moms current opinion of me. nice chinese boys. ur mom seemed to like me and harry when we went over. None of us will be seen as weird. We’re both lucky. I think you mean you’re lucky. Watching a show and this pops out smh. Bro you guys are lucky my mom doesn’t know how to read English. Wait add the new yan bereal emote. @cum pedophile ass pics oiled up with coconut oil please. Now this is a moment. not as glossy as his ass ^. thanks. Ur mom is glossy. i think if it's glossy it's fine. Yea but idk if I did it well. u gotta wash it oil it bake it. since it's new. My arteries. I used my new cast iron skillet. though it's more medium than med-rare. not too much greying. This was days ago. Look at this steak I cooked. how was your transit. ur bussin bussin shee no kizzy on god no cap. I just got out and am bussing home. r u in class rn. he actually sounds so young. cuz he rlly could be lul. @cum herald why irelking sound like hes 15. I miss driving to schools and coming back with a ticket. But they have electric double deckers. Yeah there’s only one mega old one. Oh you talking about that one old bus lmao. I thought its like a historical monument from the 50s. They use them on different lines. Yeah there’s a bunch lol. Theres more than 1?. You mean does only the j use double deckers?. Or i mean does that bus only run on that line. Is that the only bus that runs on that line. The double decker bus ??????. Literally the entire top floor could hear their conversation. They were talking so fucking loud. That’s what they said. Bro what. “That movie was so homoerotic”. “But only the Lego one where he’s gay”. And one asked the other “what dc character are you”. There’s two girls on this bus. Theyre not from usa. Cole. Yeah definitely. Dominican republic has a better rotarion. Imagine they had judge too. Trout Betts harper would be crazy. Holy fuck USA outfield is insane. Yea pretty good too. Something tells me this is actually a 12 year old boy. What’s USA team. Sas and swagu are in shock after what mad dog said lmfaooo. Its so disgusting that this team actually exists. All star rotation and bullpen. They would win 5 straight ws rings. Wtf is this line up. Usa is not winning this year. i got locked out of my router LMAO. @cum pedophile @cum king hop in call ho. @cum king can u find a map. how does that happen. I have the cover but idk where the fucking book went. whats the stats equivalent of leetcode. True gotta enter the matrix. @cum king minecraft parkour?. just theory craft and also enter the matrix. Wtf is this i havent done any theoretical stats stuff for 2 years and linear algebra for 3. I have to do an interview for my usf admissions. No it’s ok. should u play with us. yan i will purchase minecraft for u. you really had to brainstorm for that one sentence. and i saw your name pop up and disappear like 5 times. because discord literally shows when someones typing. Did you just give me a reason not to?. We can make penises together. Why no Minecraft?. Hey how’s you know I was retyping. and then take another 5 minutes to type and retype one message. and then you afk for 20 minutes. not really tbh. Slight exaggeration. took you 20 minutes to type that one sentence. Me no play Minecraft. holy fuck yan just type or dont. in that i wanna smooch. ur the same. Unless you want to install party software. It’s still the same. unless they made it easier to do over the years. also i dont wanna host bc i dont wanna port forward. @cum pedophile make sure you get the JAVA VERSION and NOT the bedrock version. we have to get yan to play minecraft with us. lets play minecraft. Just spend 500 and send me the surplus. Kinda sad the new lg oled has no 32. honestly i also hear LG monitors are very good. Or should i wait for the new sexy lg 27’ one. I changed my mind i can spend more. Or thr gigabyte 32 one. Idk yet, i wanted one to plug my work laptop into it first. also what are your computer specs. but if u wanna go beeg mode u can get an OLED monitor. apparently Gigabyte monitors are goog. @cum lord what's ur budget. we collectively rate it as 7-8/10. way better than expected. How was puss in boots btw. not super bad, but noticeable. can really see the age in the animation. hmmm watching scenes from that movie again. let me see this. i did not know this. @cum pedophile bro the actor for shazam voiced flynn rider. my connection poopy rn. also i shower rq. forgot you're not part of that @. yea i've seen some parlors around. i've been looking for arcades with punching machines here but to no avail. WHEN ARE WE PUNCHING MACHINE I MISS IT. i do shoot straight tho. i dont follow thru enough. when they call him just go take it. The dude in front of me. They close at 9. Why the fuck is there a line at 830. U guys should marry. how could you tell its me. dang the gaslight didnt work. that's u. ARE U FR. thats not me.... I didnt know heart cross is default emoji. Should i go. so fucking annoying. but yall would rather get autod for free. and you could easily burst him. this draven was walking at three of you. im telling you. I try to step up for a bubble and poke from malph ziggs and 1 draven auto shit on me. and then he just got fed out of his mind. I hit him twice the entire game i think. yea ok its not that hard. Dude was dodging everything. except ofc their draven is a masters fucking player. same dogshit players. New adc items. why everyone allergic to a melee fucking character man. Who wanna go to my tofu house. fucking dumbass comp. nvm it was small. so idk iftheres a fat update. Swain update. idk if theres an jupdate. hope he gets stage 4 cancer tbh. Yea he did nothing. useless at stage 4. fucking retard wnats to blame me. Dont even know why mode switched. @cum king done with brawlstars. making blocks unbreakable was the worst thing to add. every fucking map has unbreakable shit except that one huh. it'll be 2v3 tho. We cant power league?. Tag me when done. i just got in a power match. i am playing rn tho. mario motherfucker was set on losing. alright guys i'll be turning off my phone for the rest of the day. please leave a dm if you need to reach out to me. love you all. pce. . i won and yet i it wasnt fun. this game is ass. Thrats it. some new guys. In brawlstars. Is anything new. or else i am washed. i am going to carry this power 6 jesse to a victory. Send her this discord so i can berate her. i will be leaving her on read. and if she texts me about help wiring. there is a 0% chance she is able to wire the components correctly. The same one?. my lab partner asked me to send her the code. I HATE THE FRUIT ROLLUP GANG NOW. ONLY AARON ANSWERED THE CALL. i am good at most games . i think im at LEAST a 2nd rate egirl. id rather be a gusher roller upper. nvm i dont wanna be a fruit roller upper anymore. but now u gotta come to every hangout we do. this is true ansel has broken my back before. can i be a fruit roller upper. true story i broke his back. he's into it. the others dont know im in sb . im sorry. stop being mean to harry . WE KNOW YOU'RE IN SB SPECIAL BOY. I want a tofu stew thing. and then going to a restaurant. youre cooking dinner. that makes actually no sense. what. And i wanna go to tofu house later. Takes an hour. but im also a tft gamer rn. im not home rn. Then I’m not gaming with u. but i am done for the day. ALHESDLKVJADJFKB;ADFKL;JNGAS. TO GAME. IS TRYING. TO GAME. IS TRYING. TO GAME. IS TRYING. Next time next time. That’s tuff. sry i dont fuck with harold sympathizers. dont be mean to harold . and im just listening to my teammate work. im literally in call with my tream rn. too much typing. we only ball with hardol now. fuck harold. thats crazy. how did i type that so poorly. yea fuck hardol. eat shit and die. but fuck you @cum herald. is what i wouldve said if u @d me instead. it's so fucked for imessage. face me coward. yea so long as i have this eSim in japan. its just a picture of a darts board. it sent as a fucking text message. His darts gonna be flying in slo mo. wait i forgot i have an esim. fucker has no reception. who's cum jester. im playing cod mobile rn. @cum herald @cum queen would u guys be down to get my tofu house. true cum king is #1 python tutor. Professors teach the same class all the time. money was good tho. Bro that’s the life of a teacher. that was so brain numbing. teaching the same concept. so i would spend like 5 straight hours. were learning the same things. all the kids i tutored. It has to be fun. mf stay struggling with conditionals. even tho that shit made me want to die. no one else can make that claim here. i have gotten paid to teach python. what would have taken ansel/kenny 10 minutes to explain to him. @cum herald can vouch for my abilities as a tutor. ur right no one can ever replace you . ive got good references. see it aint worth. kenny said he'd do it for free but he won't stop saying sheeeeeeesh every time i get it wrong. you wouldnt freakin dare. i think i need a new tutor fr. this sticker deosnt really make sense here i just wanted to send one. of the profits. if you succeed in your cs endeavors i want a cut. you don't see me as a threat at all . that's how much u don't believe in me. why would i help my competition. i would never help anyone with cs. this is false. sorryy maybe next time. i would but aaron is helping me with my python hw at that time. all of them ignored me. i no longer want to hang out with you. and they can call me cum lord. i dont know any of their names but its ok ill just address them as their discord name if we get dinner. only ones online. bet you dont even know half their names. they arent completely random if theyre here. they r in the server. would you @ random ppl. why the fuck. what time. my fellow seamen. @cum genshinerhonkaier @geets @maidan @Peter! @cum swirls yo u guys wanna get my tofu house for dinner?. its just how much we will have. we have stuff to show. will u guys finish on time?. and we kinda procrastinated. but its so much work. i acutally like my team a lot. o. im just sick of it. or is it hard. i jiust want to shake gary mays hand. r ur teammates bad. fuck this project man. no i fucking wish i could dude. u actually coming ?. can someone put wickedsteer for me. then driving back. ditching my senior design team for it. fuck it. yooo anyone wanna go to my tofu house night. Need some boy friends to hangout with. Cece went back to china to visit her family so i just be chilling. Got nothing to do. Why so bored. What’s up with you these days my guy. I would if I could. School these old folks. They dont know i was classmates with bay area legend felix li. A lot of old ppl playing. The park is bustling !!!!!!!. Found it. We ball. Im not free today. We can hoop tomorrow. Aight then. If u bring a ball im down to hoop . The court they play on is small. Bro I was tired for just playing catch. U wanna play pick up?. And you can ask. I’ll give it to you. Don’t you have his ig?. Wanna ask him if he wants to play. Is he on discord. He’ll shit on me. They ipen at 9. Probb around 11. Wonder if i just show up with my paddle will anyone be there. Kinda wanna go to sunset rec and play ping pong. Cracked. Did you know Dan was on that team?. That team was insane. That fried chicken had me like. That actually looks bussin bussin. meal for 3 was 3400yen. and bro check the karaage. freshly sliced cured meats. for the base they used chicken feet and pork fat. bro it was so good. They had so many chances. Having a degrom year. Webb is actually cursed lmfao. fucking hell. first and second no outs. kinda want some icecream or something. anyone wanna get some dessert on a lovely friday night. Thought that middle school getup would make me hard to recognize. I’m actually in Japan rn. Darn got caught. wisley thrown out at the plate. poole is at the giants game. idek what it's supposed to say tbh if not snort. thought that magazine said snort. one candy cane pleasey and thanky. Just want some ramen and its a 30 min wait. Im bored outta my mind waiting for my seat at a restaurant. Shes starring right at me. stream some league. dont know if i need to change anything else. should be ok. @cum pedophile is it working now. Is there anything that needs changing?. the lakers suck cock. wait am i just suppose to download the latest driver for nvidia'. gotta add some meat and tomatoes. cuz its yucky. why do you always have to criticize everything i do. but why did you have to use that gif. i remember now. wtf you never played papas pizzeria. whats that?. me neither. yeah i have no idea what that means. need to do the drivers and change the bios'. im on it rn. and warriors vs lakers. only games today r sixers vs celtics. wtf today is opening day?. past 3 games my enchanter supp didnt first item buy the sickle. and she said "so u just wanna farm all game and ff?". i told her "just let me farm and stay back". and lulu kept wanting to fight and dying. was playing vs a cait lux lane as trist lulu. Mid don’t need to. faker doesnt know what smite is. Holy shit it’s faker. Elder and baron got fucking lux sniped. I was up 7k at one point but my jungler didnt know he has a smite button. creed3 looks crazy. wow yankees win this league is absolutely rigged. was thinking he kinda looks like santa claus. i remember seeing that live. This a good pic. also the yankees r up 3 alrdy rip. hopefully we resign carlos rodon tho. ya its not happening lol. that shit aint happening. the draft was a gigantic meme. also i need u to rate my fantasy bball team tonight. im rooting for aaron judge and trea turner to come to the giants lul. Either way don’t root for either team. either way u right we rooting for the asian steven kwan. wouldnt yankees be the celtics. i thought the dodgers were the lakers. That’s like rooting for lakers. Bro don’t ever say you’re rooting for the Yankees. im rooting for steven kwan. fuck the yankees. if yankees lose does aaron judge come to the giants . r we rooting for the yankees or nah. Idk i read it in some reddit comment. All these youngins that didn’t play the original. Also ow2 is kinda popular rn. 2013 was in NA?. I did not know fakers first championship was in na. Wait edg has COVID. Easy curve. Love to see it. First circuits quiz and the mean was 60. So I lost hope. Saw your faith faltering. Sorry bud. The crystal ball picks are worth so much. I’m good for 50 points. That’s a lot of faith on c9. My seraphine is triflexed. My group a. Bruh group c was a tragedy. Damn ima need to copy your answers. Got full points on group b and d. What the. @cum pedophile how many points you got rn for pickem. But I wanna pick an upset. Damn these Pickems seem very obvious. Aight thanks. U might have to come back to pick it up another day. Prob but idk if they will have a new one on them. @cum lord so I can just show up to the frisbee practice and ask to buy a disc?. waiting for us to push in lmfao. i thought they were chillin in their base. knew how to hop off and stuff. yuumi was actually good. facts. that was the greatest baron sneak in wild rift history. damn you should be the adc player. cmon terry. ifi yummi barriers do i get the shield too?. died in a second. lmao i saw at the end near red side. fuck i wanted jungle. solo ulted her bitchass. fuck that kaisa. ill play 1 more. and would R and fucking teleport right back ti my shadow on accident. i was spam pressing R buttom. a few plays. chinese bitch. can you be worse than a fucking baby that drools on the screen and inputs a heal every now and then. and yet you somehow have gone in the opposite direction and are less than useless. like you dont even have to do anything to be useful on that champ. 0/10 on fucking yuumi. retard autist crayon munching boot licking fuck. than this stupid raging cunt with a half braincell. id rather be friends with goddamn hitler. wukong types using fuckign numbers. this game weaopERG;O'PBAETSBHOI;TAELB GRNEKL. ARKJLEGQFBC eq. i aint waiting for shit. hold up in cr game. fucking retards play this agme. More stuff to watch. from 100t. papasmithy is gone. i need to experience. i post it whenever i get them. i rarely get them these days. Lmao u gotta post them here soo i can experience it. but the bts hater memes are hilarious. Ill do that later lol. Na i have dms close. did this person dm you. Dam this new gidle album is good. Jin enlisting to military NOOOOO. and ban fucking egirls from this game. hes not even carrying any games. how is this dude allowed to climb to gm. like he fucking gets shit on in lane and spams gg from minute 2. and i get a fucking girl on my team with 2000 games who afks. gm player named "imtrolling" literally trolls my game and isnt banned. actually?. Just started my application to harvard. should be. @cum lord when are frisbee practices?. "NA undefeated in quarters" . Let’s gooo I got a perfect pickem for group d. if top made it through groups. we couldve gotten an lpl final part 2. right. no way they beat jdg right. hahah everyone actually disregarding rogue already. i thought u meant for them rng and jdg to go through to quarters. omitted some important words haha. o. they have rng and jdg to go through is what i meant lol. they literally play eachother. how r u gonna hope t1 and rng make it. rng and jdg to go through. im never eating korean food or listening to kpop ever again. i cant believe this. his monitor must be so low. The duality of man. Like a fuckin elementary school kid at recess. Bruh Wei still looks so happy. rng in their playercams look like shit. i can shoulder ride a plate lol. 134 on the dit. kk i gotta replace the batteries for my scale. @cum jester lmk how much u weigh lol. Actual game changer. Wait that’s actually crazy. Holy shit there was a bug discovered in the tes vs gam game and all the lpl fans spamming under lolesports tweets. 10-10:30 ish. are we meeting in the park at 10?. i guess i have to stop watching for padres to win every time. and padres score 5 runs. i literally stopped watching. ortiz just called padres a small market team. Too bad padres colors and literally piss and shit. hader and oscar gonzales. my 2 fantasy players playing well for their team. mf struck out the side. assuming they lost. i was watching til the 7th inning then gave up. padres fucking won?. guess it wasnt raining this hard then. how tf did padres even score 5. no way theyre coming back in this rain. its fucking pouring holy shit. And still ain’t winning shit. Fuck that. love to see freddie freeman lose. I’m on the padres hype train now. i stopped watching they were up 2-0. Ya and dodgers about to go home too. it's got a hammond level. this parkour map is fucked up. We might end up playing with a bottle cap or something. Is this fucking real.  Successfully uploaded 1/1 emojis > 0 static emoji slots left. o.  Successfully uploaded 0/1 emojis  These emojis failed: > cool: The server has reached the max number of emojis, delete some to add more. its easier so i dont have to save . right click, open in browser, save it, upload it to server. wtf add that emoji here so i can use it. yall wanna play catch for 3 hrs?. tbh catch will prob end at like 1230/1. since kenny has work. or 2:30. then lunch sometime before 3. for catch. catch then lunch?. whats the plan for tmr. just be hard for them to get back on stage for the last 2 games knowing that theyre already eliminated. tian got boomed again. that wasnt that long ago i feel. wasnt he giga gapping everyone when they won worlds. wtf happened to nuguri. doesnt reach back enough. fist needs to be more turned. the form is off. the showmaker punch is so funny. hater. no way they lose to GAM. cant believe after all this na 0-9 talk g2 and eg ended with same record. over a year and a half ago. really. you really think hes asking about that. obviously hes asking about game of thrones. bro yan you a different type of dumbass. oh diff topic lol. did they disband?. got? Game of Thrones?. ive watched the movies but never really "got into". honestly i dont think i was ever a big fan of the lord of the rings. our resident tv show reviewer. @cum pedophile have u seen it. i kinda wanna watch the amazon lord of rings show. id say even bellow 700. bellow 600 people are shit or bots. well games are fun if theyre competitive. is that the only fun mode?. unless u play the payload map then its all real players. especially cus bellow 600 its not competitive. gonna take a while. i guess its like trying to get 20k trophies in brawlstars. 22k is top 200 global i think. not really. idk if thats a lot. not as much. but still havent unlocked the character. theres this skin in t3 arena that i like and its a gatcha. bitch spend your money on something youre good at. the fucking stage for clash royale tournament in china. idk if theres settings to change that. and its weird dragging it perfectly onto the person. sometimes i e someone and i auto click r and it doesnt target the person i e. useless ass mids both games. slow is enough to kill. r has more range. and theyre not gonna let you just walk at them. but theyre not in range. i mean sure if you can hard cc them. ig i usually see people e first. you dont have to land e to start. and they die. just slow and then e is free. my hands are too cold to aim shit far. and then e. start with your ult. i did not know that was zombie sion i was following lol. and ima get one shot. sett is gonna ult sion right into my face. dw im the best ezreal on the server. yeah no ones gm yet i dont think. o u mean previously. im fucking plat. yeah he was aight. i wasnt even paying attention lopl. solo lanes got absolutely dogged. bruh our team sucked. then e?. i swear he was picked more. was that the only time he was picked. seriously. and has 0 deaths lmfao. wait renekton got picked at worlds!!!. was expecting warwick or somethin. kinda sad when i checked couple days ago. nothing new tho. home record not deserved. not a single hit yet. kwan carrying the guardians. where have i seen this before. nl west team up 2-1 in nlds vs dodgers. every 100+ win team shitting the bed. Wanna play some in a second?. where shes like covered in a cloud. i would show him katy perrys album cover. there was this one kid. he was scared it would awaken something in him. after the first one he put his hand over his face. he literally couldnt watch. i showed the other vid to my friend. oh were they turkish? . he even hit the 4. head stand double leg ass jiggle. the second one is crazy. like what were they thinking recording themselves do that shit. bts discord was wild times. fucking 1.5 year old post. i was curious. why you go so far back. if u really think about this, real ppl made this video. so i resonate with him. but i am a hater. fuck that guy. dunkey is a hater. @cum queen im off if u wanna close da server. the server is up. lmk if it doesn't brick ur computer lmao :p. i can try running the server while i play. im gonna play some more the finals first. after you're done warframing. ur human benchmark boutta go off. do you think ill be an fps god if i get really good at puzzle rush. lichess has its own puzzle rush why have i been using chesscom. Hit him up on discord. Wait is he from sf. get hella good and call koby over. u guys should buy a blitz ball set up. Nah I’d crush that. @cum herald do you want to come at 1-2. Well if it’s just you and me we can go earlier. he at work. im down to golf another day too. Unless the goat mr gee comes too. Thoughts?. @cum queen @cum herald if we were to golf tmr it would only be us 3. thanks bros :). U got this. THIS FUCKING GUY WAS STUCK IN A WALL AND SHOT ME DEAD. 6 hours too long. and i decreased the amount of time it takes to hatch an egg. thanks again. it should be on now. thankz. I saw rhats theres a pokemon mod now. pal world server?. Could’ve been a sick dh. He was born too early. Probably. Wait how is Dunn negative. Need to play more and level up so I can rocket launcher my penguin. i spent like 2 hours trying to get my stuff back. not far enough. Bros gonna go missing tmr morning. he needs body guards. get that kicker outta buffalo. Tf. Mahomes is Josh Allen father. I want to be a mahomie. @cum herald @. @maidan 157.131.130.247:8211 play :). did he just say mahomes charity organization is called mahomies or did i hear wrong. Lcs ended an hour ago. I have it on not paying attention. No way you’re watching a regular season lcs game over nfl playoffs. Breh watch the bills chiefs game you bum. you guys joining the guild?. bro i did not mean to punch that guy. It's the cum kingdom. whats our guild?. im here baby. where the trees at LMAO. this shit is rough. you not gonna start here with me?. you started in marsh island? dang. Join Multiplayer Game -> paste IP at the bottom -> Connect. im at marsh island. im naming myself cum treasonist. try that. wanna get in here kenny? we can figure it out. connection timed out. try using that. @cum queen how's it goin. so we joining doug then?. Doug asked me to play palworld on his dedicated server lmao. when we getting a dedicated server though lets game. did you guys try using a dedicated server. I’ll get it later and when I hop on call. idk how it's gonna fare later on in the game w hen it really starts eating at the gpu/ram. yea but it's a bit laggy server-wise, and it doesn't run the best. Did palworlx work for Aaron?. The grind. he's pretty broken. is he still in OU. ayy I love this silly guy. it was so much effort to get him in scarlet. is it . wanna join in test run jimbo i'm just gonna start a world. we shall see. whA. 27 bucks is expensive. i dont think im buying the game. PalWorld. what is that. ill try again tmr. @cum pedophile we know where u live. gn thats all you get. thats enough troubleshooting. alright gn. its the mic itself. theyre both apple products. its audiojack into a macbook. wired. its coolio theyre old. its the mic. nah thats a thing to do tmr. thats it. its a sign for bed. i guess my mic be broken. we don't gotta do today lmao it's late af for me. @cum pedophile @cum queen @cum jester are we gonna play pal world multiplayer or what. Stressful ass game. That’s slavery. Ain’t no pals if ansel literally caught a person. that's what im sayin. they do call it pal world. sounds like it'd be fun with play with pals. I'll get it if yall playin. Who has palworld?. leaving now. the soy sauce on dat jawn is always so bustening. hell yea. I do not know what it is in English LMAO. I got shrimp rice rolls and I drank the soy sauce. Yum cha was buss. what tea u guys get. It’s hella cold kittens. ok hope it isnt too cold. we usually meet at kenny's at the designated time . @cum peasant erm be there in 30mins sorry we didnt rly establish this. You on your way to my place. Nah that’s what I meant. i didnt even communicate to kenny that i was going to his house first LOL. Me three. heading out now. @cum jester you on your way?. what if u come down separately. sorry was working. wish i was yan's wet sock rn. The technician was suppose to show up between 12-2 and then the work they estimated could take up to 4 hours. @cum herald you piece of shit how can you @ and then not respond when i replied immediately. Sorry I was out when you asked. you are always so reliable. thanks for answering my question yan. How’d you know there’s a hole in my shoe. i hope when you go outside theres a hole in your shoe and your socks get wet. I hope it can even get installed today. hope you enjoy your stupid fast internet. o. The :((((. evveryone knows. Not I. you cumming?????. their valorant and cod teams are zzzzz. 100t fans deserve this win. youre a real fan honestly. and meech is sexy. river is still insane too. im so happy. sniper is the prince that was promised. holy based. his one trick. @cum king sniper on riven. karma seraphine with yone locked in. what is going on. and tl with udyr. 100t both karma and seraphine. Does la light up their shit for the dodgers or rams?. Freddie mercury the goat singer holy. I guess mostly his hair changed. I have no idea what he looked like before. cool to have actual villains. watching now now now. The flame mansion people. ur talking about the steam punk lads right. but if they meta they meta. i hate their design. constance and them. do you like any of the new guys. i was pogging out of my gourd internally because i am not one to express my emotions easily, as you might have surmised upon meeting me in person not too long ago. regardless of the vocality of the jubilation i experienced, i was very excited at the moment. went from an L to a dub real quick. bro i got yanqing at super high pity (i think 78) then i got kafka at 8 pity. good morning!. freelo. if the line is close to ur house it 's legit free. they told me it could take hella long too. Up to 4 hours they said. Lcs today. unless they have to connect you to a new line or something. installation shouldnt take more than 30-45mins. what time are they there yan. Oh then I’ll just shout at you. I might be outside with the technician. Anyway ima honk when I’m ohtside your place. Yea bro I’m the real news. The news has been lying to me???. It’s a house. It’s sf there’s no crime here. Just leave the door unlocked it’s fine. If so, maybe you can ask your landlord to let them in. Do you live in an apt?. I have to be there. So there’s no reason to stay home. works with me. you guys ok with it?. what time. play the game. i know your arm aint hurt you bum. fking microsoft. so i had to reschedule. it didnt fucking happen cause stupid ass microsoft teams wouldnt connect. how was ur interview @cum king. idk if it's ported to mac. what about 2018 macbook pro?. recommended gpu is 20 series. but idt aaron can run it. outside of the early access glitches (which aren't detrimental at all). it's actually kinda cool. my friends in class were talking about pal world lol. i caught a human. Did you guys try pal world. wow what a steal. but on sale rn for 10% off. it aint free?. Pokémon with guns. refund city. yea fs we can try for an hour. pal world pal world. if my computer runs it smoothly. but i am down to try it. the game looks so goofy. @cum genshinerhonkaier idk if u wanna start anew so quickly. @cum king @cum queen are we pal worlding it up. become rich.  got this. Where it say that. @cum king ur fav champs mundo and sett are op. Time to redownload and run it. what rank r u. Zoomer team in a boomer league. Theyre cracked. but it sounds bad. i dont even know the players. that team sounds so bad. 2 rookies 1 second year 1 third year and river. River. whos even on 100t anymore. must learn a maplestory boss now goodbai uwu. But they have both on scoreboard. Idk what difference is. They keep score of runs and points. Globetrotters of baseball. Like a dude walked and they started throwing the ball around and the the runner from first scored. Idk whats going on. The rules r weird. But after like 3 times that’s enough. Like it’s funny watching the pitcher dance around. I feel like the gag gets old quickly. Wait giants put jd davis on waivers. Junghoo. goodnight brothers. All you have to do is ask. i'd like to get to know u inside and out. that's just harry vision with half his prescription. why does ur camera have astigmatism. when i switch my airpods from phone to mac the mic gets buggy. if im not back tonight to play brawlstars ranked and climb top 100, then call the mayor of the vatican. funded by us. that we fucking funded. they got the rob fung batting facility. too strong. new age athletes. who wins. like if our team played the current team. is she cracked or does sfybl suck ass. i wonder how good the teams are tho. imagine being on lincolns team. caitlin clark of baseball. 5-3 win over lincoln. she pitched a complete game. wash has a girl pitcher. what happened. @cum king u see the latest gwhs baseball update. queue + champ select as long as the game. how does a game even end thaty fast. you smacked them. fastest aram game ive ever played. Her titties not pg13. They fucking edited her out. its all good. just play now. boutta eat. your mic was working on that last join. he sure seems to think so. im wondering the same. Are they the worlds crispiest fries. GET HIM OFF MY YOUTUBE RECS. Can I have Soto. Look at my bench @cum king. one of my players isnt even guaranteed to make opening day. im cooking u all. o. maybe he's on his phone. we r literally drafting for fantasy rn. he's probably eating dinner. league settings. nah i mean like how many points stats are worth. it just has their projected. on the draft board?. where do i see the point breakdown. hoping acuna drops to me. fuck you what pick you got. i mean 6 team league. im last fucking pick. let a routine gb get by him and turn into a 2 run double. max munchy 3rd base masterclass. i was right. @cum king dont look at yamamoto's statline today. Your user profile has been created! :baby_tone2: Type ;quests to get a quest and ;shop to buy balls! Vote using ;vote to get lootboxes and vote coins ! If you need any help with commands, type ;help. You can find Legendaries too! ;events to view latest events! Please be patient with the bot as it is constantly under development! Join the support server (type /vote for the bot page) if you need help!. first round ima pick jackson holiday. im so ready to own everyone tonight. Shiny Munchlax gained 500 EXP! Your vote is ready! /vote for Lootboxes, Vote Coins, & Special Vote Boxes!. reeexar found a wild Cloyster! Your vote is ready! /vote for Lootboxes, Vote Coins, & Special Vote Boxes! Click any of pb gb ub prb mb to catch it!. go for it. they kinda annoy me lol. Does anyone use the pokemon bot thing anymore. AB found ai image generator. on what to improve. just hope they learn from season 1. Maybe they alr recorded all his lines for s2,3. His voice is gonna be hella different for season 2. Aang actor already going through puberty since filming the show. my laptop is cursed now. maybe in a sec. What he said. Wait Miguel is diamond ??. Are we playing tn. Show video. He’s my irl. ITS TOBY. @cum goodnight. @cum goodnight. are they now. literally. just finished. they finsihed. IT SEEMED SO FUN. they were customing. o. I thought we’d fill to 10. 6 team league i didnt need ti listen to all those podcasts. he mgiht be a sneaky good pickup. gonna watch out for this ronald acuna jr guy. best prospects for 2023-2024 fantasy mlb season. these lines ups will be crazy. wait 6 team league. how about you watch this. pretty interesting so far and the plot is fun. imma be watching it. new shogun ep today. Has been bad this spring lol. What happened to Webb. Luciano 3 more ks but got his first hit. Real shit tho is it joever for logan webb?. Bachelors at 14 years old. Sounds familiar. About to ask him for a job. @cum king @cum pedophile any of u know this dude?. shogun is a banger. I will be back in 2hr. @cum pedophile are u done with din din. Dang you got me with that one. what about this. I can aram after dinner. nah id rather starve. ur boutta eat in urf . im boutta eat. where's ahram. no way you think youre my buddy. isn't that what ~~racism~~ friendship is about . we can all suffer together. with all your buddies though. is it not fun. i do not want to play because urf sucks. but that is not the reason i do not want to play. i hate all of you. especially kenny. but he hates us. im trying to convince aaron. @cum herald is anyone else playing. i dont have u added halu has to invite u. i can't join call, but ill play. we wait on others too. I must tank this. why tf is loud's logo just 3 green triangles. farming these noobs. bruh the ranked starts in 9hrs. holy shit the shop lmfao. what the hell is a hyper charge. i just redownloaded. and another one where when u hit a shot u instantly reload another lol. highest hp member. like a map would have a weird rule that everyone on the team would have the same hp as their max. they changing the game too much. i heard there r special power ups. @cum king have u tried the new brwalstars ranked mode?. are u telling me you wouldn't give yan backshots. NOT EVEN THE RANDOMS. IM SUFFERING FROM AARON. i heard it's mid. this some good tea. hey. @cum pedophile hey babygorl. I know this is spring training but . But its looking a bit grim. I rly want luciano to be good. ump knew it was a ball. barry bonds type of plate discipline. Insane eye or scared to swing??. fucking hell. of course freeman gets the rbi. That is cool lol. Wait this spike skin is kinda sick. Luciano is so cooked too. Tag me when its out ill combo it with u. Shit spike and piss mortis combo. I want shit spike. I think the ranked update is out tho right. I don’t see it. I think. The brawlstars update out alr. When’s it out. anyone tryna get dishonorable. wha the fawk is dat. Dude is the ss of the future giants r so cooked. Not a single hit in spring training yet. Luciano went 0-3 woth 3 ks today. he has hr issues, shouldve just come to sf. Thank god this bum passed on sf. ty for strim. thats da spirit of the ocean doe. it's the mole. uhm teacher aaron can you move your cursor on the big projector. so much flip flopping imo but it worked out. ok im looking at our pins and i wonder what the creator of the 1piece video was thinking. did u cum or something. Shogun watchparty sometime ??. This fucking valorant copypasta. johnqt became what everyone feared. His eyelids disappeared, his head was swelling and his ears started bleeding. "Are you okay john" asks TenZ. I've never been better tyson, I see it all now, they're not going A or B. They're going home.. @cum herald ur moms a hoe. nahhh ty for the heads up tho. @cum herald idk if you're here and want to watch atla lmao. then i can get up. nah im on my computer. will be on my phone. one of the all time greats. any atla watchers. still have this bad boy tho.  Successfully uploaded 1/1 emojis > 2 static emoji slots left. He pisses me off. He rly ate all of that first dish without rice. the marketing scheme really worked. preordering a popcorn bucket is crazy. and i couldnt get it. i didnt see a single person in my theater with it yesterday. u might have to preorder it. 100t tied for first. He said he’ll txt u @cum king. He said he’ll get league going tmr. ill play if yall still need more ppl. Im thinking next week. He asked my email 2 weeks ago but i never got anything. With Chris. Yea he was winning then blundered mate. The amount of salt coming off of that guy is crazy. u 1000% destroyed him huh. It is much too late . @cum amazonian wanna helldive. i love yans cock @cum pedophile - @cum king. type it in the other text channel. type this in the new text channel. Command List Support Server. What was the other one fuck. wtf does this shit do. Hi! I'm UnbelievaBoat To get started type ` !help ` or visit my website at: The dashboard can be accessed here:. why. Pyke annoying as hell in aram. and we lost. bot kha zix followed him. our varus walked up and got jumped on. yea a bot took over for you. Just for me to load in and game end. So i had to go theough all the loading shit. I literally reset the app too. say bye bye to your aram point. reported. I thought twotch killed nexus. I stantly. And the game ends. I come back. im reporting you. im reporting you. im reporting you. im reportingu. im reporting you. I comr back and im dead. wtf are you doing. the game didnt end. Ill play 1 more. or our team just has no understanding of how to pilot hte champs they picked. every game their comp is better. And we aced them. She had 1 teamfight charm. stg these games are the lowest quality ive played in a while. So when kaisa went invisivle i was like fuck it im not findjnf her and just went to kill garen. seraphine an actual bot. brand had no balls. cucked every time. Ngl i thiught we were winnjng that fight hard. and deleted it. yea i want you to knjow i typed something racist just now. idk but it was lke 1/5 of everyone elses. What was it. what is that. I tried to trade with him. and our jhin is running forward. literally i get flashed on and solo yasuo ulted. how does no adc understand how to play safe. too bad you cant all chat. im mega focusing him. well if that dude on the other team. Zeri prob a whole dude. they aint even duo. White knight came in. holy fuck these ppl man. Carlsen should make a smurf and twitch stream some challenge. this dude too smart. one sec. tf is that. They r literally doing a world tour wtf. I love them now. The harvard krokodiles r entertaining to watch. this dog knows. I somehow lose the trade then i cant do shit in lane. When i try it vs like a nasus. Thats y i mever play top. cause she facechecked and hard stat checks me. and lost off lv 1. yea i didnt check my matchup. Its annoying. literally just runs and auto spams q. sometimes i forget how aids fiora is. Taxes my wave and runs. Pops my fruit whike full ho. Norms are so cancer. why is it a norm. what the fuck. Ill play 1 if ur still down. My team just that fucking useless. @cum lord I just got the solo kill award after an aram game. what's your choice dipping sauce. mustard is gRoss. i dont even wanna open reddit after this loss. is that mo bamba. by all means try it out. its my favorite word. sounds bad. but it was like a lil chunky. i thought it'd be more mayo-y. i tried it. how you know unless oyu try it. i thought only for mobile order?. cmon now. 18 points in the second 20 in the third. dam warriors suck tonight. prolly sitting next to her kids too. thats straight up someones mom. no disrespect to whoevers mom that was. theres no way she is a baddie sorry. bro one time i saw avideo and it was like a middle aged asian woman. this should be his 50 point game. like now any time he pops off they look for some mid ass girl to show. i stg that shit got ran into the ground. you know that jordan poole meme where he gets good with hot girls courtside?. need klay to suddenly catch fire. beyblade from the bay. i originally had beyblade typed but thought its wrong lmao. was arrested and cat is still alive. man from china apparently. i do not want to see that. the warriors r shooting like 30%. no lead is safe. i feel like if i check the stats. "only up 12" - jvg. dude ran into the 3rd deck. shit is terrible. did u see cat in a blender. no they should ff. do the warriors even have a chance. fucking cameraman zooming in and out. and a man on top of her and another dead women with his entire lower jaw missing. theres a vid with a kid on the ground with their brain blown out. or i ban you from this server. show me. there was a mass shooting in a texas mall and there r vids on twitter that are disgusting. on his fucking head. stg these mf take a full minute to walk to the other side of the court. yea true. and have that shit setup quicker. they should implement free throw clock like pitch clock. soccer has no ad breaks. nothing happening. just stand around watching shit. i dont even care abbout the score but i swear every 2 minutes its like a 2 minute ad break. holy fuck refs actually running this quarter. looked like curry just ran inot him. oh i guess it is yea. lmfao thats a take fouL?. everytime ad falls its a foul. slows the game so much. free throws for days. lakers are boring as fuck to watch. On 60/49???. LeLightsTooBright aint answering shit. they know they cant beat the lightskin king baby face assasin curry. first huerter and now reaves. white dudes sell hard against the warriors. players do that out of bounds throwing it at opposing player t hing. LeScared. LeLightsTooBright. kinda funny that lebron went to the gym 5 hrs early to prepare and the dude hasnt even attempted a shot. getting beat by poole. hes too old. lebron not only goat player but goat name. hes cooking. but howd he get a google commercial. yea he id. isnt he just a meme. howd druski get that famous. like who he talking to?. and then druski says "how yall feel? yall good?:. and everyone starts cheering. some old ass russian dude wants to play embiid. hes probably recovered alr. jaylen brown prob thinks it makes him play better. thats a foul. istg hes had that mask on for so long. wtf is up with jaylen browns face. u know im watching that legoat show. oversized incisors. fuckin buckteeth. same with jamychael. bro needs to hit the gym. under the spotlight. he is shrinking. i used to windup when i packed the shit outta my friends in middleschool. clean block smh. wiggins so much faster than reeves. from 3. thompson ending the night 10-12. #warriorswin. LeNotMyGoat. i hit aram royalty 4. aight its time to watch. iforgot the warrios game is early. aight ill play 1 more. the hide on bush strat. do it auto targets the correct guy?. o. also if you cast it and then die while on the x it still resets. cus idk what auto aim will do. i try to aim it. so many times i try to execute but they die before my ult hits them. his first item. is an actual bot. wtf is this matchmaking. wanna play when ur done @cum king. Pretty sick video. LeFocused. interesting. webdev with python only. @cum herald. the mad lad. join call rn to see what i mean. IM COMING. i just finished my valorant game. hold on. yan just a professional bitch. ansel and kenny literally dont join vc. ok you know what. took you 8 minutes to respond. Something something cold shoulder that you can warm up. this ai shit crazy. it actually kinda sound like him lmao. what the fuck is this. no there wasnt. There was a pick up line there. The only cold shoulder is the one that.that. is that why youre giving me the cold shoulder. You right. where my invite. Nah I’m in bed already. I can try it tmr. I am not an odubber. @cum goodnight. in the chat. @Deleted User any odubs. the pain is slowly going away. ive been applying rubbing alcohol in it. hope u recover soon. when i fix it ill come back. imma get off discord bc my ear is dying. make sure yo momma is on. make sure your monitor is on. also remember to plug in ur devices. surely this would never happen!. be sure to know how a for loop works or ur teammates might be annoyed. 59.001 seconds?. Psycho pass was a fun watch. reminds me of psycho pass. Good action. o. Not the latest season. @cum pedophile did u watch bungo stray dog?. never seen that before. he 100% gets suspended next game right. reminds me of that video where the lady does a front flip and into stepping on the back of a fake doll. high iq player. i literally get focused every fucking game cause we have fucking bots that they can just ignore. cause jhin decides to walk into the kennen ult. and we lose this fight. fucking serious. the zeri. who was that. fucking zoe did less than nunu. other team gets zeri against front to back. stack his bomb on ur shroom. i play zeri and its 3 assassins on the enemy team. shouldve went ap jhin. yet another game that convinces me how useless jhhin is as a champion. fuck this. i feel like shes weak as fuck too. what adc is fun to you. i mean she play like every other adc. yea zeri boring as hell too. unplayable as shit. literally 3 of them only gunning form e.